00:10
[music] [music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> I'm [music] >> [music] [music] >> I'm [music] [music] It's an oven and then wound good. Everyone [laughter] Man, this market still going nowhere. So, yesterday bounces back into the rectangle area. Now, we're still within the range and the day is gapping higher and we'll see whether we'll get some resistance or we will see more strength um coming across different different sectors. No, no planning trace for today. um like be and PL uh tools that um maybe is setting up for the long side.

05:29
US can go both way and semi this SOXX is bouncing into the weekly 9 EMA but the daily chart is a is too extended from the daily 9 and 21. Therefore, I'm hesitate to take the trade. So, mainly just observing being an observer for today. Gold and silver. Actually, I got stopped out for my first attempt. Uh, but I re-enter it also on the on the in the premarket. I got stopped out for my entry. a thing around I think it's before the pre-market so I'm using the overnight orders I believe around here and then I I got stopped out at this candle right here. I reenter it at the 50 EMA pullback on the bounce into the 50 EMA and I entered gold first.

07:35
Yeah, I entered the gold first and then on the 15 minute break down and then the silver for after gold have um breaking down a 15 like a 9 EMA on the 15 minute chart and then I shorted the the close below the 9 EMA right on this candle right Yeah, I'm actually I'm feeling pretty how do you describe like don't feeling much stress about on these two trades. I first thing is I'm pretty confident and the second thing is uh I think my entry is really nice. I really like like the two entries are really really really good to me. So even I got stopped out. I'm happy to take the loss because I like my decision making is pretty solid for this trade.

09:10
Really like it. But one thing I don't like is the market is bouncing higher and hopefully it won't I won't get tested by a lot during the bounce. My view um on the market is still the same. I'm looking forward to I'm leaning towards the downside. But with that said, I still like the market is still really polarized. There are some stocks that is are still holding up pretty well. Um, a lot lots of undercut and reclaimed yesterday. A lot of them are on the 50 EMA and a lot of them are from the beaten down names. So they are now serving the rising nine and the nine is starting to cross above the 21. Uh such as this unity is closing above the 9 for the first time since it decline.

10:48
So maybe it could be a um a short-term bottom. But uh but I don't want to second guess. I just I I want the market and the stocks to prove itself. One thing that I wanted to focus on is this um pre-market the futures gap or the premarket gap that the Q is bouncing into the the gap of of um of Monday or maybe you can say it's on Tuesday 605 level. This one's buys the 685 level and uh IWBM is not yet but I think they are you know what I mean like they're still below the the unfilled gap here could be a resistance that Um but I have no plan to take any trades today. So I don't know but I want to I don't want to get panics panic sell before the market confirm is um breakout into the into the resistance area.

13:04
We is getting a news with the punisher with perplexity. Now it's gapping up into the hourly 21. I have lowered my stop to break even. So, let's see how it how it plays out. IQ has been um found has found supports into the rising 9 year May and 21. We'll see. Wow. Almost taking out the nine. and the memory names are still pretty weak. like to see the reaction on the 50 MA. Ripto has been bouncing very strong. still very extended from the 9 EMA on the weekly chart. So not going to take any brace or on both the long side and the short side. Yeah. Be remissed at the low of this channel. Nvidia is bouncing into the declining nine as well as the as as the gap the 184 level.

17:32
Also the hourly 50 EMA is right there. I think they will it will be a really important level to focus on 184. Micro strategy at the 39 EMA still quite far away from the uh daily 50 circle is one of the strongest one. this it bounces really strong up over 110% in u month but it's coming near into the 150 150 EMA oh as well as the enter from this swing high here. So I think if you you've taken this EPS like if I have taken the EP on on this earnings then I'm probably will sell we'll sell some in into this gap up today. Maybe I will consider like um exiting my the whole position today. On the other hand, you I think you you can say it's it's also a spot to to try shorting,

19:42
but I think it's it's a little bit different from like closing your long positions to build your short position. Like for building a position, I would I would prefer it to go a little bit higher to maybe 110. But for like selling my position, I would sometimes I would be uh little bit more casual or aggressive. I just sometimes it won't um really reach your target or really u rally exactly into the resistance level. So, I can give it I can lock um it's always good to lock some profits Okay. SMCI is the one that it's really looking good on the weekly, the daily too. But right now I'm like have too much exposure on the short side.

21:27
So, I'm not going to I'm just I'm going to pass on this one. B is rejecting at the 9 EMA. Yeah. If I'm focusing on the long side, I don't like this price action. GVA reversal on the declining 9 EMA. Not looking good at the moment. So Q's is rejecting at the after filling the gap right at the 607. Um, yeah, I really wanted to if I'm not that exposed like having that much exposure on the short side probably will considering enter the SMCI today and Fidia is facing some sudden pressure Yeah. No, I'm not in circle. I got stopped out yesterday. If this market is right now it's rewarding the pullback pullback buy or pullback short.

25:01
I think it's still having some 2025 vibe like the stock is tends to react to the moving average or the anchor web very positively. Fastly. I think this it is this a pull back by maybe. Oh yeah, it they say pull back by. really nice one into the daily 9 EMA and also the anchor f the anchor level is a little bit different from the hourly chart and the daily chart but yeah hourly chart is much clear it's much clearer this is really Yeah, the South Korea ETF is actually really the parabolic pop. If it's can if it can gap up higher or the range of this candle will be a little bit wider, it will be better. But definitely the weekly candle tells everything.

28:49
And the volume too if um I try to buy breakouts if it gaps ups higher than the ATL. Um yes, I will I would just consider it as an It's a EP but uh very rarely that I that that will use the opening range breakouts to buy EP nowadays. The too many there are too many fake outs in the opening range highs or opening range lows. So I'm pro I'm going still pro I'm probably will wait for the intraday five minute or the 15 minute breakout instead and it yeah and for the gap up I think I would like I would treat it as an EP. So if a gap up is um above all the EMAs above the previous highs the resistance level the end to fill up then that is a good breakout then that's a good EP.

31:22
But definitely this is there are a lot of other different factors to consider to consider in this uh and that's why I love trading like there There won't be a there won't be two traits that uh are exactly the same. Every trace are unique and independent. Like even the the pattern looks exactly the same, I can still um make different um make different decisions due to other factors. Maybe the market breath, maybe the sector strength, maybe the relative strength. Or sometimes maybe I just don't like the stock. Maybe Memory names are bouncing. If it um if the breakout doesn't have any doesn't um come with any news or catalyst then then uh it will be less convincing.

34:08
But what I mean to like consider it as an EP is um um because the EP is like it um it is gapping up at the open. It's not um being flat at the open and then go up 5% after the open. So if it if at the open it it has already gapped up for 5% then um I would still consider entering it. But if it's flat at the open or even down at the open and then it rises up 5% after open, then I'm definitely not going to enter it because it's a too I think it's will be too late. What is all DFL this I don't know about the stock but I think for the charts. Yeah, if you're if you're bullish on the news on a catalyst, then I think it's a buyable gap and trade it as an EP.

36:18
Yeah, but one thing that I don't like is this gapping up into the previous high. I think generally the first the first test into the previous resistance area needs more time. But who knows if the market improves like if it's a if it's a bottom a short-term bottom for the markets yesterday then maybe we'll get some follow through to the upside. All right. So I I really don't know E is finding support with the markets. The light is losing the 98. Okay. ESTs is following higher after the earnings. Rock is still at the 15 EMA. It's the market is setting up higher. I think in Napia this this base is really good looking.

39:11
I particularly love this this kind of a long base for four months with five months if you're counting the October high. or with his bouncing taking up the opening range high arm is reversing down like like each each stock is doing their thing. at the past this the individual stocks are like moving like like the huskys they're lining up and then moving in the same direction and now the stocks are I like I don't know. I like the horses like they are they're just running freely in an in the open. Open branch or just say open grassland. If I want to enter as um now it's above the end of free web. Maybe the pull back into the angle fill up after the 9 catches up.

41:56
That would be great. But right now the stocks are moving really fast. like ESTSS when it starts an uptrend it it provides you very little window to let you enter it maybe only one or two if it misses it misses them and then it just goes straight up like here also so it's really hard I don't know even since it's move back in 2024. It's just it doesn't pull back that much and then gives you a good entry in my opinion for my style when it it's like an the lift off of an of an airplane of it lifting off the ground and then it just climbs steadily not going down again. The market is looking pretty strong now. But the individual names are not that Wrong.

44:12
Maybe mainly because of the of Amazon and Meta. So the memory names are bouncing at the 50 EMA daily, 9 EMA weekly. Today or the or tomorrow will be a really important day to see whether they hold up or find or gets rejected and follow to the downside. The video is still pretty weak. How to trade EPS in? Are there any good EPS? maybe like a AOI but this thing is I think it's just went up right the way this is like opening range highs I don't think it's really easy to trade for the one minute candle it's like 5% to the low of day even if you are buying at this setting stop is at this candle low is still 3.5% I'm probably going to miss um the opening range highs breakout.

47:45
I think maybe the second like the second entry is this five minute candle breakouts like after initial spike um after the open and the the pullbacks and this into the maybe anchor VWAP okay under the angle VW web but still above this five minute candle low and still above the five minute 9 EMA Okay. How about 1 minute? 1 minute is just below the 21. Yeah, but that doesn't really that really matter. It's not really important. But yeah, just just a really simple rule. You just buy the breakout after the pullback on the five minute candle on the five minute time frame. But this one I think is pretty yeah pretty lucky and then it gets some follow through and never turns back later later in the day.

49:10
Sometimes like five minute candle breakout is um the win rate is definitely lower because the is in the lower time frame. But if you're using a 15-minut candle breakout this this an AOI doesn't make any sense because this stop is is too wide. So if you really wanted to enter AOI on the EP on the EP day, I think the best entries is on the fivem minute candle breakout. I think like um what I just talked about is uh how I how I um study the EPS um back then like how I study the the charts when I I'm just doing research or just um trying to test whether this entry will work or that entry is better. I'm just some just take some previous examples and and just trading in hindsight and see whether there's any any rule or any specific entry point that is giving you the lowest risk and Easy.

50:59
It's easy to define. So looks like the market is bouncing higher with the strengthen cryptos too today. Russell is weaker. Russell is weaker than the NASDAQ. Well, be just taken up yesterday's All right. Better lab is looking really nice. Got both inside there at the moment. AR is very strong today. Weekly chart weekly bouncing at into the 9 GMA. But on the daily chart is found support on the [clears throat] daily 21 and 39. Really interesting. But still a lot of stocks is under the EMAs that they're just bouncing into the declining EMAs. I'm thinking I would like to see a little bit more strength and um also a little bit more time to confirm whether the market has has been improved from yesterday low.

56:21
This bounce hot is pretty strong. It's bouncing directly into the 9A. I bounce it. It's up 12%. This AVA we is rejected at the end of from the from the earnings or it's not earnings it's uh I think the Iran news and now it's under the 15 minute 15 EMA hourly 21 it is a really good spot to short actually but it's a little bit extended from the daily 9 EMA Okay. um like AVA shorts. I I I really don't know. I think it really depends. Um, like if I'm not that heavily shorted right now, then I'm I may try it. I may try to take Yeah, I think it's a it worth a try because the market is bouncing into the resistance and this is This is one of the weakest names,

01:00:32
but like the Monday the sun form is really huge. I personally think it needs maybe one to two days like to really consolidate a bit. because this has went down for 30%. Um probably there are some buyers stepping in but this this bounce a is a little bit too too quick. would like to see some consolidation for at least a day, I think. But still, I really like that how the resistance is um is stacking up in a in a same level. That is what I really like. Very strong action early today. It pushes higher. filling the gap for cues. The memory names are bouncing really strong. Yeah, but I'm I'm going to follow my stops. I'm not going to sell it into the bounce right right here.

01:03:26
GV is shaping up again. The things changed really quickly. It just 30 minutes passed and then everything looks differently. If the market strength up to the open like I think today I'll be watching the close. Maybe if it close is strong then I will cut my shorts. Uh like some of my shots even they don't hit my stop. And this bounce is correlated with the crypto bounce too which strengthens I guess it's it strength one thing in my mind is the is a semi sector ETF to bounce into the declining 21 and the N maybe somewhere like something like here. And uh yeah the bounce today is a little bit weak compared to other other sector but we are getting some follow through to the upside and now we're at the 15 and 21 EMA.

01:12:13
Okay, maybe I think that this market is better for day trading. So if this is a gap down and then you bought the weakness and then close into the EMAs and going to gap up, then you can sell it, short it at the open, and then recover it into the EMAs. It sounds pretty pretty possible. Actually, I'll kill if it's forms the candle like if it if today's candle end up like this and I it could be a long It's the strongest um quantum stocks and this planet lab also Looking really good. and choose already nearly 9 minutes on the weekly. This bounce is really quick. Up 3% in two days. And actually DS is bombing an inside day today quietly.

01:16:56
This SOS is serving the 21 year bound supports. and then video is getting close to the 184 level. There's many opportunities in both sides. It's so confusing. It's so confusing. I I don't really know. AEVA this has been a long time that I haven't heard this name as he went he haven't he didn't go to 30 fortunately only go got to go to 222 but this is a this is too liquid And I wanted to like to close above the 21 EMA on the weekly first and to better to buy the pullback into the weekly 9 or 21 year after it close above it. It will be [clears throat] it will be better like the the win rate will be higher. Now it uh looks a little a bit more dangerous if you're playing alongside.

01:19:12
But I agree like he's building and double inside day. But I do value the weekly chart quite a lot. And this US is looks like this fading from the resistance. Light is cannot recover from the 98. Other stocks have been bouncing quite strongly but might surprisingly looks a bit weak today. Horning is strong. This thing is probably probably I think once in my scans or watch this on this gap up right here. But I think this thing is is too slow and then I just removed it. Did it add it into the watch face? A big mistake to me. I be looking at NVD. I think probably no because I'm I'm in too many positions now. But it will be a important level to to take reference on because if Nvidia breaks out from this 184 level,

01:22:43
then I will consider it a pretty important breakout or a change in character. Although it's still below the like 185 is the 50y year. Yeah, but I think it's it's it's similar. And if it closes above the 50 EMA, then I that'll probably shift my focus to the long side. And this SEDG also bounces several times at the end of the 50 EMA. It's just going up 30% and then went down 23%. Straight up and straight down. How can you trade? How can you trade in this in this price actions? And now it's building a double inside day. And weekly chart is looking bullish too. Insight week probably right is putting back into the and go up.

01:25:50
But the range is too wide. So for record I think a 5 minute breakout is still two 3% stuff. SH is rising riding a Nate. UU is building a cup of handle above the 50 EMA. Mara is breaking out after the nine have crossed above the 21. This is the first time since this this huge downtrend. So worth taking notes. This battalion is coming down. Probably can't trade this one. I R E N I think the Yeah, this Wednesday is the this candle is the best opportunity. See right now it's I don't know it's not it's also now at the 150 EMA at this gap level daily 21 I I don't know a rally that I was short a one one day bounce into the declining EMAs.

01:30:43
Generally there will be like maybe two to three days at least. But sometimes that will be a really quick one like a a quick bounce into the 21 and then quickly reverses down and close below all the EMAs or maybe even closing red but they are rare. They're not happen. They They don't happen really commonly. See? And not really because this is the earnings for the gap down. Yeah, you can say that. That's why I'm not um I'm still holding my shorts and not taking any longs at the moment because it's still under the EMAs and given the choppy nature of this market. I yeah I won't and then and also last December when I keep um flipping flipping from longs and short flipping between longs and shorts I think they are it could it could easily kills your performance.

01:32:46
So, right now I'm just trying to um stay on one on one side as long as possible and wait for more confirmation. Memory names is looking pretty strong, bouncing pretty strong. weekly. It looks like an undercut of the 9A. So yeah, I'm just going to watch of the price actions of the day. And that's it for today. Thanks all from for coming. See you in the next one.

