00:10
[music] [music] Wat. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. N. >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Hello everyone. This pl is looking pretty good, but it's too liquid. So this satellite name those names are having a pretty pretty Big pullback. Pretty sharp pullback yesterday. The G set and V set. Also, still they're hanging up uh above the 9 EMA at the moment. And this CCCX if it goes one one or one days or or more sideways it will be perfect but also a little bit too liquid. It's too liquid. This core reef looks shortable. Love this. Love this space. And then the 9 and 21 are pretty close to each other. keeps getting rejected at the 9 EMA,

12:28
weekly nine. Also, the previous swing low at around 86 or 85 level. It's fake also. 9 and21 are very close to each other and the base is it's not is is big enough. Surrounded one and a half month. Oh, what an ugly reversal. And it makes the weekly candle looks so bearish because it's getting keeps getting rejected at the nine weekly Hat. Wow, this mo mobile is is up 16 or 17% yesterday uh at the open, right? They just Just getting crushed. The first solar getting a gap down and has a has some follow through to the downside. I don't quite like these actions. I don't think this is It's not a It's not a bullish It's not bullish signal.

20:33
But funny enough, we got we just got a um like four days ago. Last Friday will be will be a green day for like 90% of the stocks. But Yeah, but still there are many names there. It's going going up and mean is going straight up. What's the news of this AVA? also is Trump's budget. All right. But it's gapping into the previous over overhead resistance, the the small base area. And it's already up for 30% in just 4 days. I'm probably not training this scap up. Yeah, today I didn't see too many interesting things, especially for the long side. Oh, be is skipping up. Okay. What is this NOC doing? like going when you're on a roller coaster locket Martin too.

29:01
What is going on? I think the battle especially silver could top here. Not sure. Not sure. But right now the the indices is still above for the EMA. So I don't want to take I don't want to be too bearish and take But like technically technically I think we pick could be a short today. Rocket lab compared to um ESTS and also other space name Rockab is showing relative strength huge relative strength yesterday. So, I'm going into like I'm trying to swing a play a longer swing. I'm thinking Riftian is this a pullback by pull back to the previous high level and also the 1 hour EMA. It is not a type of trade but Oh, it has been freaked out.

35:50
Opening range highs breakouts and Now the stop is too wide for me. [snorts] I think I think probably it needs to pull back a little bit. I think there are it can't clear all these sudden pressure up up here because the volume is it's relatively huge. This NPS is a beast. Absolute beast. [snorts] So IWM is going up while Q's are pulling back and M has been outperforming the cubes for for a week. It reminds me a little bit back at here, November 2020. Oops. So IWM makes an alltime high and leading the cues while Q is still being a double bottom base and building a handle and it is going keep going serving the nine.

40:50
So if IWM can keep outperforming then this it should be a good news for longs. And I've I I've said it yesterday that I have to get in this refit. So it's not an it's not eight. It's not a trade, but I think it's it's still a fair one. Maybe a B. I think it worth taking the risk if it's reversing. Mhm. AP is back is is is back. Oh, this is today's the earnings. Yeah, but it's it's hard to manage the risk except when you put the stop at the one minute breakout candle. Yeah, maybe be is keeps going higher. Okay. Okay, I love this uh reclaim from this AEVA. If it forms an inside day today, then a breakout for tomorrow will be will be ideal.

44:45
also path also. I think a breakouts for tomorrow is is viable but it it would be much better to be to let the nine y to catch up a bit. But given that like the left side is pretty steep, not much consolidation on the left side. So I think I think buying tomorrow will be will be okay. QBTS is finding support at the at the nine and also the anchor view web. Let's see how the quantum quantum names is he's going to close today. If it closed strong, then maybe tomorrow is it's viable. If it like forms a tight state today also this 2 looking looking so good. [snorts] but still there are many names that is read day. Oh yes, I'm going to like chill in here.

47:50
I'm not going to increase my long today. I think this is riffing would be the only trade and I'm also not willing to take shorts today because yeah, I don't want to take too many trades. One of one of my goal this year is that to trade to trade less. So I'm not going to to take shorts when the market the indices are still above the EMAs and especially when IWM is much stronger. Lumen. Loom. Yes, Lumen is looking decent. I'm really excited if these things is going to work and have some follow through to the upside. this. Oh, and DS is amazing. I remember I bought it at at early December, but I got stopped out. I forgot which day.

49:57
Uh, and then I didn't catch it. Didn't catch the real move to the upside. Oh man. Oh, it's up 70%. And this ass stop going straight up. And please tighten a bit here like go sideways for for a bit. This naps is also looking really good and I really like it staying above the 50 for for three days consecutive three days. So a lot of the names is like um basing below the 50-day but napas is basing above it and this um this handshake like pull push back to the 21 and the nine on the daily is amazing. So it's now right at the alltime high anchor free web and needs a little bit more time I think. This BPI shaping up. This looks really good.

52:53
Especially this [ __ ] codes is holding up so well when the kills are down. Yes, I enter in the 1 minute opening range highs. My entry is a 20.01. I bought it a little bit late, but it's fine. It's still What's the stop? 1.2%. Yeah, it's pretty pretty tight. So, you you you see it's bouncing right at all the EMAs also near the previous highs like these highs. these highs and also the daily nine and also 1 hour 50 and 21. So it's a it's a it's an okay. I think it's the I think the more ideal one would be um also found support above the angle free web from these swing highs but yeah I think it's still a fair trade Yeah, silver has been up 60% since since it last base.

56:16
And you can see all the previous runs like always like these strong uptrend. None of them. Oh. Oh, this one. Only this one exceeds 70%. I believe the silver silver has a pretty high chance of getting a top here. At least a shortterm top. Hello. Am I muted just now? Okay. Okay. And on the Christmas break, I also study the the bare markets. um how the Q's and IWM um the relative strength between the Q's and IWM before a bare market. So I go back and look at uh all the downtrend which is larger than 15%. So for example this one is IWM goes down goes down for 22% then I and I just open the chart and yeah and just uh observe whether the IWM or the Q's is lagging.

59:39
before a 15% downtrend. have from my from my study before 2008. Um, eight out of 10. Um 15% downtrend is uh yeah eight out of 10 is Q's is lagging. So Q QQQ is weaker than IWM in eight bare markets you can say but I just took the 15% as the um as the standard. So you can see this one will be the cues the NASDAQ is lagging also this one too. But since 2008, like after 2008, things has have flipped to the other side. And all of them like all how many like eight out of eight um downtrend which uh is larger than 15%. And IWM IWM is uh lacks lacks behind it. QQQ. Um, oh, this 2011 pullback is a is an exception which I would Oh, isn't it?

01:01:51
Is it? No, this is still lagging. You can see IWM is making a lower high before the cues. And the only exception is is this one I believe in 2010. And I don't think these two has a strong like they are really they're pretty identical the charts. So yeah, this one is a tie. But other than this one, all pullback larger than 15%. Um, IWM is the lagard. So this is um statistically speaking and also the past the past history the past data it does not uh guarantee the future especially before 2008 is the thing the thing is completely different. So at least after 2008 all draw down larger than 15% starts with IWM and now IWM is is the stronger one.

01:03:38
So I I am a little bit more optimist optimistic on this pullback. I think I don't like this Nvidia breakdown. RSP is doing well. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. So be is pulling back. After the first 15 minutes Come on BPI, you have to you have to stay above the 50 EMA with this fake Mar is this fake Mar ejecting at the EMAs. Oh, I don't know. Going to raise my stop rocket level a little bit to the this low here. Mhm. Yes. This day is been a huge place here. on my Android work the lab on uh on Monday. I talked about it yesterday and go back to the stream yesterday that I explained my entry. Yeah, looks like today will be a like a rotation day.

01:08:53
The other sectors the uh the more conservative one is is is pretty strong and the higher growth in the tech names is weaker. have to be a pullback by. Wish I can pull back a little bit deeper to the daily nine. Or maybe I just bought the five minute breakout. I really love the weekly of of path like for this huge base since the 2022 bare markets. Also the the theme I believe this is a the robots right robotics. Oh, is this software? Really? I believe it's a robotics firm. Maybe it Never mind. But the chart is looking good. This is the most important thing. It's still very early in it's still in it stage stage one I would say slow gradually transforming to stage two.

01:11:42
I'm going to buy the five minute breakouts. I believe refence is getting rejected at the echo field web. I'm 45 minute breakouts. Um so so because uh for the pullback entries and I believe like every uptrend in a in a higher time frame starts at an uptrend in a lower time frame. So that an uptrend in uh in in a weekly chart starts at a breakout from a from a daily and also a uptrend at the daily chart starts with an breakout of the 1 hour charts and etc etc. So for this uh pullback buy then if I think the stock is going to reverse from this supports level then I think um 5 minute is a pretty good time frame that I think um at least from my study I think five minute is a pretty solid one um to buy the breakout and set the stop at the low of day or the breakouts candle.

01:17:58
Just like every trend starts at a lower time frame first, right? And I'm risking.3% of my account for this trade because stop is really tight. It's around 1%. And I'm trying to risk less this year. I'm not trying to risk 4 or 3% for each trade rather than 0 5% I used last year. So I think this year I will be using I'll be risking less per trade. But given that my stop is really tight. So I don't think that like I think this position sizing would be would be similar would be similar. Man, this surf and this red cats is going straight up since since day one under the 50 and under the 150. It's hard to buy here. And if you miss this entry here,

01:20:36
I don't think there's another entry that you can get. Yes. So I believe that's it for today. Uh I think the action stops here. Hopefully the market close well today then for my longs and I'm really really excited to see whether this these names is going to close strongly and then gives me a good entry tomorrow or later this week. Oh, no. Tomorrow or next week. [clears throat and snorts] So, thank you and see you guys in the next stream.

