00:26
Heat. Heat. Hello. Good morning. Good afternoon and good evening. Testing. Testing. Yeah. I think it sounds better now. So from the pre-market scan, you can already see how bad the market is. A lot of the names are um in a downtrend and the ones in an uptrend are the defensive names such as the This one is a consumer staples I believe. So market starts really starts to pull back a little bit. Um I wanted this this pullback long time ago. I think since since late november that's the chop fest in the past several weeks still that's too early to tell How how long would this um would this pull back would would carry on?

07:37
But uh I think from the from the breath from the individual stocks actions this is not looking promising. Uh, looking pretty bad. So I think maybe two weeks ago I have uh a lot more stocks in the in this um tier 2 watch list which is for the small and the MacBook caps. And now there I just remove a lot of them because most of them are trading less than 50 million dollar volume um daily. So I remove them and then a lot of them are falling into the falling from the leading category to the others. Apart from it, I think from the number of stocks in the lacking watch list also increased by I think probably nearly double.

09:57
And the one that is in the leading one is starting to is starting to fade. Especially the the memory names that is that hold hold ups and list the market hold up the best. We're starting to have some huge volume distribution days which is which is nice. like it is it's like the last last bit of the text tax text sectors that is holding up and just starting to fall. And I think from the past few days, I think the past few weeks, a lot of the people I saw on the internet, oops, sorry that they are talking about those buying those memory names. So they are they're gambling the earnings like they are buying the every dip on the on the memory names also the semis too.

13:03
Yeah, I think that the you can see the volume starts picking up at the the top. I see um since maybe two or three weeks ago, the volume really expands quite a lot. And for a stock that has been went up like MU has been at went up almost 300% in five months and it's a 500 500 billions 500 billions market cap stock is is telling you something. Although I missed the whole move to the upside, but I'm I'm not going to buy it. I'm not going to chase it up here. And I really think a pullback is a is is very healthy. I'm not sure whether is this the is this the top or just a like it's a longterm or medium-term top or just a short term but pullback is always good for like a lot of the names are so stretched to the upside at least for my Mumbai style.

14:44
I I'm not willing to buy it somewhere here and somewhere somewhere here. Not really. Yeah. Um no no entry for today. Um like this is a gap down which is which is not a good riskreward play. The better one is when it's pulling back into the moving average like Palenteer. I think I I [ __ ] this up quite badly. I actually entered this palent here on like two days ago. I believe it is on this. I think I enter it a bit late. I think I entered it at around 160 around here like this breakdown candle. Yeah, my stop is around 2%. So, I'm a little bit too late and then I just and it it shows relative strength that day. Um, intraday when the market like starts pulling back the kills is going straight down but Palanteer holds up pretty well.

16:36
And then but it never came to my stop but I just um I think I'm pretty um I'm too I haven't I have too much too much exposure on the short side and then I took it out on I believe on this candle or this candle when it reclaim the anger free web and then I think okay this thing is looking pretty strong and I'm already have so much short exposure and then took it off and that is a another 13% downside. Yeah, this is uh I'm pretty upset about like the take taking a stock off early and not not following the stop. Sometimes you may be right, sometimes you may be wrong. But and this time when I'm wrong, I'm losing maybe more than uh seven hour in this case or even higher maybe.

18:36
Yeah, more than seven. Um, the TSLQ is the test that's the short I shorted it two days ago. So this is the earnings day. This is the anchor fe from the earnings. Um this is the gap down um on Monday. This is the daily 9 EMA. I saw this gap. I saw the 9 EMA. I saw the anchor VWAP and then I shorted this um pullback into the gap and filled the gap and the daily 9 EMA as well as the angle VW web. This one I traded pretty perfectly. I I am very satisfied with the with it. I know the entry and allow. I took all off yesterday because um I want to like reduce my exposure a bit as uh I'm pretty heavily shorting yesterday and then I like my approaches for the shorts are more aggressive on this on selling to strength and then I just took it off after um on around 72 area when it um near the low of this day of this reversal day.

20:56
I just took it off but then it has a follow through of another 10%. But uh I'm feeling pretty pretty comfortable. Like I'm not feeling like like compared to patent here. I think Ollo is I'm doing it very fine like you never know when um when the stock is going to bounce when uh it's still early in the uptrend and then I I'm I'm still having really decent exposure on the short side. So, um, I don't need to like trail all the shorts to the very bottom of the move. So, I'm still holding the smile short. Nvidia shorting the on this day here when it loses like when it opens up as a gap gap up and then it loses the intraday opening range.

22:01
And then I think on Monday this candle looks super weak. It failed to reclaim the 9 EMA and then closes below the 21 and the anchor fee right from the swing high. So this caught my attention on Monday and then took the shot on the Tuesday. When did I short this shorted this one yesterday? I shorted it on the intraday like a small bull a bare flag on a one minute one minute breakdown. I shorted this. I shorted this one when it break down from the previous candle low. I I use this candle as a like it's a it's like a breakout candle and then it fails. So I use this this one and then a really tight stop. I expected if I'm felt if this one is going to rally up maybe into the al so it's also in the anchor in the intraday VWAP but it's if it's ringing up into maybe 11 11:15ish then I'm going to take another one another try but this one works perfectly I think is the market environment just just so weak and a lot of a lot of the the the retail

23:31
Uh the retail investors are talking about this stock. They're like buying every dip, but I just saw the weakness and the distribution since few weeks ago. I don't think there would be a meaningful bounce like I think the the odds are are smaller and then I took the shots. So, silver. Oh, this one I also traded it pretty perfectly like as I've mentioned like in the in in the Twitter post. I'm going to revisit if there is any rebound and yesterday it rebound in exactly into the anchor fe from the alltime highs also the 21 EMA. So you can see on the five minute chart right at the anchor VW web pin point like it look it's so clean uh rarely you would get a this this type of a like a clean c a clean candle a clean rejection I expected uh maybe like chopping around near the anchor web said for for several times But that's a very nice rejection and yeah on the declining 9 and 21 this time I'm I'm definitely going to hold hold longer

25:29
my I'm going to hold um to short at least to the 21 weekly and I hopefully the 50 weekly too. Now you can see you may be thinking this is like 40% above the 50 weekly 50 EMA but I think if this is really really works out it really works out in the end then you could I think it's it's could probably happen in next week. gold is stronger, but uh the same price target 21 EMA and even 50. This time I'm going to hold like hold it for for longer. Um because like the last on on Monday, is it Monday or last Friday? I think last Friday. Yeah, I I sell it. I sell it all near near the 82 or 81ish tougher to do my shorts, but uh but another another 15% down to the 50 EMA that I'm that that's my target.

26:52
That's my original target. But like it's going it's going down so quick. I just couldn't I just I just couldn't help myself out. I think I'm going to sell some into strength for the short. Okay, definitely it's a good it's a good spot to sell some I mean uh buy some in the strength they recover cover to to to cover my shots. buy some into weakness. Yeah, that's that should be that should that should be the right right word. If this kills is going to have a maybe 15% correction, this would be the first time since 2008 where the cues is the is the lagging one for a 15% correction. Google gaps gaps down into the 50 EMA.

33:11
Oh. Oh, the weekly looks so bearish. like to see uh a quicker flush before I covering some. I don't want to cover some here. Hopefully the IWM can can reject from the EMAs and then maybe le the weakness today. This dow doing the dow is so strong. Super strong. The cues are under the 21 weekly buy 9 EMA weekly. Any bounce into the declining EMAs would be a great spot for for the short side at least for now. Oh, nothing. Now I'm just going just chilling. If I'm underexposed, I may consider shorting the memory names like uh pulling back to the 9 EMA and intraday pull back to the declining 921. I'm just going to be patiently waiting and Don't think the worker is um getting panic panic yet.

39:42
[snorts] Want to see Want to see a little bit more on the on the on the short side. I mean, you could do something like the market doing in 2015 back then. I don't know. I don't know how can I I don't know whether I can survive in these type of markets. Those dips, those dips on the 50 EMA and you think this is a clean breakout, but no, it fells right back. And then another like another push higher and another gap down to the 50 EMA. What a market. ASD running back into the EMA. Oh, what a what a reclaim. Well, I'm really looking forward how how this is still show is closing today. Will it be a trap? Perfect deep buying opportunity.

45:16
I prefer the the former rallying back into the N declining 1921 like trapping all the buyers and they maybe some some formal formal people and then the the the leg down but who knows it could be Okay, perfect deep buy into the below the 50 EMA. >> [clears throat] >> Like I really believe that they the memory names are are getting there. I'm just not I don't believe this is this will be another another leg up. There will be another leg up if it really happens. That would be crazy. Like I wonder who is buying buying this stock. like here after I think a few days for huge huge selling volume like the like the buying power has been digest digested by a If this one go to 800 bucks,

50:56
that is that's unbelievable. probably could be the another good parabolic short candidate if it's accelerating higher from here. I just think the os are low. but also low and if really accelerating up from from here and then the downside the the crash will be similar to the gold and silver in my opinion. >> [laughter] >> It's true. Never underestimate the stock. Like how how crazy how irrational the the crowd could be. I really want to shut this one. I really want to try shot, but I don't know. It could probably shakes me out. I don't I'm not sure whe this is the today's the day. Let's try a small one. Let's try a small one.

53:28
I couldn't help myself out. I don't know. Let's see. Probably getting stopped out. I say [laughter] no. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's true. So if I'm getting stopped out then like that's a that's a good lesson. That's a good lesson. A proving proving to you guys that you should not be overtraed. You should not the tra I don't know I don't know I do think we're in the right environment like right market environment now but definitely I think the best entry will be yesterday But still worth a try, guess this show the weekly range is kind of crazy. Generally the the wider the range is the higher the probability that it's going to be popping out.

56:23
Light is the strongest one. I'm going to cover some into window weakness today. I truly believe ONDS could have a flush to the 15 EMA very soon if the market uh stays stays stays bad. But the the how the quicker it goes up, the the faster it goes down. And I really think that the selling selling pressure is is very strong in this stock since the early January Man, this palenteer goes 90 degree down. Wow. It's almost a 10hour trade that I've I've just I just just [ __ ] up. It reminds me of the square. Now it's called the block back in 2021 somewhere like here then 70% downside. Yes, I also saw Marios the post the post from Marios and the palenteer respecting the angle of FE weapon this swing hype so perfectly.

59:44
Although they has a like a shakeout on on Friday on this uh 16th of January. Wow. This couldn't believe how fast it it went down. So the over trade is looking fine. I'm not going to celebrate too early. I'm not going to celebrate too early. I like the weekly structure. This is the volume expansions from the last two weeks. And if to this if we're closing week on on this week we're closing maybe like down here then I would say this that's a win. after a really wonderful year like for the for the deep buyers like the every dip is getting bought and and the bounce is super super strong like just a touch and go every time.

01:02:42
That's not going to last forever after a 50% move here in the QQQ. Whoa. I think people like for is forgetting that the average return in the stock market is around 8 8% to 10%. annually. The recent years is going crazy. um yes I'm taking the profits uh I'm not say very aggressively but I do like take off my oklo yesterday [clears throat] like I cover my shorts 100%. And as it's now like a little bit extended from the 9 EMA, then I'm going to like take profits anytime very soon. I believe hopefully IWM can get a little bit more a little bit more little bit weaker. I do just refuse to go down. But this time the kill is losing the 21 EMA compared to like compared to November.

01:08:18
I'm I'm shorter than um 180 C 180 cm. So you can you can say I'm you can say I'm short. You're correct. Let me see. Um yeah, if I consider this anchor V up. Yes. and the market environment like is the the cues is below the EMAs. Um the breath is this is low. We don't we don't have a a deep correction since last last year April. And I think these can be the aggressive entries. It doesn't look clean on the daily, but on the hourly I think also pretty nice like it's just above the unfilled gap. They just fill the gap and then fail at the anchor V. That is a pretty good one. At least you can manage manage your risk pretty tight.

01:10:22
But is it is it possible to short it? Oh yes. I think 1.6% 6% stop. If you're really like doing aggressive, you're like entering aggressively. You can wait for you can you can just short it after it gets rejected and then fell below the maybe 30 3320ish. But this is a like a really really aggressive one. Then you should be you should take less risk. If you're trading like that, like anticipating a breakdown, you should be trading maybe only point like if like for example, if I'm trading at like point 4 or 3% risk per trade and I'm using half of it. Is it possible for Nvidia to went down 50% from here? I cannot imagine.

01:13:22
I just Going to bet 90 bucks. really wanted to accelerate a bit. It looks pretty tempting to like cryptos are looking a little bit extended to the downside, but I don't think I'm going to play the the parabolic longs for crypto is uh is too volatile. I thought I think 20% in just two weeks is not very extended [laughter] maybe 50% then I'm going to I'm considered to buy the the the long the purple alone. So, if it's going to 40 45K next week, then I'm I'll be I'll be that would be a pretty good entry. Hopefully, can go to 5 5K. If it's going down to 5,000 next week, then I'm going to like that would that would be a really good riskreward.

01:18:47
Where is DK doing fairly well? Fairly well. Trying to be a little bit more patience here. You'll never know, maybe next week the the new quantum computers are like as um they they can be able to to solve the the keys in of crypto. So I don't know what's that called but like the security keys the hash keys something like that then it could be winter 5000 it could be nothing is impossible in this in in the market. The market could gap up maybe 5% tomorrow. It is still possible. Actually, this this wolf is uh it has an entry maybe today, but like the nine is still above the 21 and The Yesterday's range is a little bit too wide.

01:22:31
But like this this fake outs makes I think makes the downside more more promising. like it looks pretty good on the weekly um before the reversal. what two days ago. Um, yeah, I think in hindsight it it's a pretty good entry if you consider this. uh pull back into the declining I think the cutting nine on the daily and also the 50 EMA and then hourly EMAs are pretty they are clustering cluster together. But this type of the entry I uh I would say only works only works well when the market is is working like it's it's going by your side. So like this is too like um on the daily is only under the 9 EMA. So purely shortening and 9 EMA uh pullback is a has a pretty low success rate.

01:25:10
You have to time the market really good. You have to like time it really perfectly. So for example, if you're shorting this this like a pull back into the declining 9, then you are not going to work. So I really believe like are um comparing to the to the setup or the chart how good the chart looks uh how good the chart looks. The more important the more important one is the market uh general the market condition. If the market is not right, it's not you're not buying it right, then it means nothing for for good-looking charts. And if the market is right like a fair entry, you can have huge follow through. Okay.

01:26:36
Like the timing is everything. But I agree like you can manage the risk very tight here. And the hourly chart looks great. Definitely. Can we get a little bit more? I think I'm going to operate him out today. And then I can have uh some cushions for failing the other other shorts for for a longer period. Clo is down 7% today. So, it's down almost 15% from my exit. Palunteer down 20% in just two days. Are you kidding me? We covered some OMDS around 30%. Good. I'm feeling that could be just a beginning of a longer longer downtrend, but I'm not willing to risk a risk risk a like a very violent recovery. I'm still a bit skeptical on the short side because the December experience is so bad,

01:31:46
so choppy. And so I'm going to end the stream when SNDK took out the days low. I hope it it is a fast flush. Just just just lose it, please. >> [laughter] >> So be this will be a shortcut if this losses if it loses the day low and then I'm just end the stream directly. Please let me out. please. And I think my plan of uh the remaining few days is just probably going to manage my existing positions and not going to add for more because like a lot of stocks are little bit extended to the downside. So definitely not going to like shorting here. Wow. Coin is just what? This is super clean. Oh my god. 40%. I'm I This is absolutely crazy.

01:34:46
probably no I'm going the next stream is will be that will be on next week I think maybe late next week or even maybe later don't think I will do And I hopefully I can hold my shorts of on the silver and go to the 50 EMA weekly. See you see you there. I I hope I'm not going to I'm not selling it early. But it's really hard like it's really hard to like hold it too. 45 really hot. Why is this bouncing? Looks like a pretty strong bounce. So guys, see you in the next stream. Thank you.

