00:25
Wow. Wow. I'm I'm Morning, good afternoon and good evening. So 15 seconds this is the inflation the inflation data released. So, let's see. So a spike. So a little spike after release. But it's a little bit weak. If the market stays near this level, I think very likely it would it would continues going down. actually wanted to add to the short that would be the position will be too huge and there are there are the next Monday will be a day. So I don't want it holding too like like a huge position for a long weekend because I cannot like exit in Monday on Monday if there's a gap So um the only new trades that I made um yesterday is this SMR.

07:34
I shorted the 9 EMA pullback or like a gap up into the 9 EMA. So shorted it um on this green candle when it tries to um reclaim the 9A also like this around the anchor web because I'm kind of missed this um one minute candle breakdown. But I believe if it or it will be like wide to stop if your like entry is on the five minute candle breakdown. It will be too wide for me. And this thing has very very strong follow through compared to rock 11ds yesterday. and the golden silver. I'm holding them into the 50 weekly 50 EMA weekly. I I'm really hope that I can like follow the plan and not exiting early if it's if they're really going Now,

10:09
I think it will be so hard. It will be really really hard to hold it into the 50 weekly. Hopefully they it works. I don't know. If Bley is the outlier yesterday, this is a highest volume since 2021. It has a market cap of 2.4 billion but is yesterday is trading in trading at 1.8 billion like 70% of his of his market cap. And technically it is now above all the EMAs on the weekly chart and also the daily charts. The next potential resistance area will be like this this this gap. That's probably um where it finds resistance yesterday near this um gap down candle high. But uh but like gen I think if the market improves and is it is this a stock that I would I would I would focus on and this gap above the prior swing.

12:56
high is also a really strong sign at the open and also gap above this previous gap down level. So the 1260ish. So it clears the res uh the res resistance at the open. There's a really really good gap up and also gap above the 12 150 EMA on the weekly too. So 150 has acted like twice as the resistance in 2024 and 2025 and then this gap up is gapping up above it and the strong close yesterday like it just proves that it has cleared the resistance. This FTA looks really strong. one of the few names that looks really good after the this the recent sell off hold above the 21 EMA looking really Nice. a gap up in region. So,

16:46
it's gapping into the anchor web. Um, I think I'm not going to trade this and see whether it it it gets rejected and crapping down or if like Um, go strongly and break and close above the anchor VW. This aim match is is absolutely insane. I traded a MAT in back in 2021 somewhere around here, March 2021. I I caught like this move a 20% move a few the one of the winners in in my 2021 one of the a few because most of them are losing losing trace. That's why I remember a mat pretty well. It's been the time time flies. It's been five years since I traded I traded a MATS. Oh my god. How many trading days? Um. Oops. 1,200 trading days.

20:15
after 2021. I I never imagine like a met will be a will be a leader or will be a a tradable stock like it's still like tradable like the still moving pretty fast but I didn't expect it will be the the leader of a semicondu of the semi semic sector Yeah, didn't expect it would go up more than 100% in in five months. This AET EP looks pretty good like it's gapping above this this swing high here. I love this like it's um trying to break out from this from this base since the October last year. So, I love buying the breakouts of a base um for several months. The market was I don't know market is a little bit sus little bit weak.

22:44
I'm not sure whether it could have a follow through like fastly did. If this one is happens maybe like in in May or June last year, this will be a really good EP that I would take, but not today. I think Reddit is down 50% from the highs till is it's only a only a This thing doesn't have a really nice entry all the way to the all the way down. It's going so quick. I'm still like patiently waiting for the memory names breakdown. This these names I think at least have to go back to the daily 50 EMA. But it it's like when Nvidia is probably the strongest one of the one of the strongest mega cap stocks for the magnificent 7 maybe other than Google.

26:39
But Google starts to lose the 50 EMA and then trending down and the nine is below the 21. Going to cross below the 50 soon. Okay, if a match can sell off from this gap up today, then I'll be m the market um would have a longer long um longer correction or deeper correction. maybe for the coming weeks if if this if today a marks the top of the semis sector but if a keeps going higher from here then then I think we are still in the choppy Okay. I'm using IPKR interactive brokers and this is uh I don't like this that it closes pretty strong yesterday. I don't want to short right after a strong a strong day. Or if you're talking about the long side,

29:05
um, it could be like if you're but still on the 50 day or the 21. Yeah. And I think the weekly is is still under the 9 and 21 EMA. like I don't um I I won't trade I won't trade any long side for Napas here. want to look for at least a maybe breakout and then a pullback. A consolidation above the 50 EMA would be the would be much better. I think it's very similar. Um, probably a few days more. need need to like consolidate a bit or like observe this reaction whether like it it breaks out and then face the resistance from the anchor VWAP or the weekly weekly anchor VWAP too or this of this highs or the the um the resistance.

31:13
The private swing highs around an 1850ish. It really depends on how it reacts on the key levels. If the memory names are going to bounce back into the hourly 9 EMA, I'm maybe I will be interested interested to take some shots. If I send DK and bounce bounce back to the 620ish area maybe So, UU fails the breakout, a fake out and then closes below the EMAs yesterday, which is a weak action. US Rex down from the anchor for you. Also the 50 EMA. AHR down 25% in two days. Okay, gap up. It looks really nice like on on this candle here at least. Not maybe like early in this day. Not for the close and then it just goes straight down down 17% yesterday.

35:12
The closest and fill the gap completely fill the gap and return to the to the base like Mus tries to make a lower low and loses all the EMAs on the daily and on the weekly too. This is bad. I'm feeling the odds for further downside is getting higher and higher. The banks are starting to Looks ugly. Netflix down 43%. Oracle down 50%. More than 50%. IBM's breaking down from all the from the weekly 50. So from this private uptrend has hold above the weekly 50 for several times. back. um anchor free web. I don't know. I'm just using the the builtin one in the trading view. Um yeah, what is the high high and low and close?

39:58
So let's see whether yeah high, low and close divided by three opens. Okay. If I'm changing to this, I don't see any difference or or a little bit. Okay. I don't think it makes huge difference. Um, Yeah, I think for gold it is more is clear that if you you if you're using the open high, low, and close divided by four, it looks much better than not using the open. Maybe not maybe not much better, but a bit a little bit better. Maybe I'll change it to the the standard one like the opening. This one with with the open. I I bet it just It won't make huge difference because I'm like I was I was I was using the one without open for months and it still works pretty well.

43:18
Let's see. No, I deleted the and goofy the what the watch is that created for the presentation. Um really nothing. Not much difference like really close. Have I've always been a irrational and calm person. I think I am like even before I learned trading I think I'm a pretty rational income person and after learning trading and I will become I've become even even more more rational income than than before. But even with that said, I'm I was still I'm I'm still having like emotions, the ups and downs when I'm feeling really good or having draw downs. Well, I think the most important is not to eliminate your emotions.

47:01
You have to you have to to ride with your emotions, right? just acknowledge um what you're feeling now and but try try to try not to let it influence your decision making or or your or your or your views or your interpretation to the market. I will still feel very happy when I'm making good returns. I will still feel pretty upset when I'm in a draw down. I'll try to um I'll try not thinking then not thinking them like um Just try to not let the emotions like worsen affect your decision making. I think that's the most important point because sometimes when you're too euphoric and then you will be maybe chasing some stocks or not um not selling into strength when it's when it's extended because you think it it it can go further.

48:55
up. Or on the other hand, if you are having a losing streaks, then you you may feel um hesitant or or just not willing to to take your losses and obey your stops or you just um widen your stops and then or even like take more risk when when you're in a losing streak trying to make back your losses like This this um these are the ones that I want to avoid. Oh, I really wanted to like add to my shorts on the gold and silver here. If if there's not a weekend tomorrow and a holiday for for Monday, I I I will be adding more I have received a lot of questions of um what stocks that that um that I would recommend him or her to buy and so many question so many people ask me they ask for my advice.

51:40
for maybe investment or the stock picking. I just tell them to buy the ETFs, the QQQs and VO and just just just hold hold for 10 years and this is the best advice that I can give. Because if you're if you you have learned trading seriously, you will know it was it will be really difficult to beat the market to beat the indexes. So you you may spend hundreds of hours learning trading but still underperform the kills or the spy. So why don't you just just put your put your savings put your investments in the ETFs and you can save for hundreds of hours and still outperform most of the retail traders or investors. I don't like using trend lines.

53:32
Sometimes I do um when I'm when I'm still trading the breakouts or when the breakouts works much better in in 2020 2023 and or 2024 that there are some there are more ranges like small ranges within the base then I may use the the trend lines more. But like now I'm trading more pullbacks than there's no no reason for me to use trend lines. Maybe sometimes sometimes when I remember when I'm trading like silver or gold like trying to find the the shorts the parabolic shorts. Um I've draw some trend lines for the top connecting the the the the swing high for each for each um lower time frame uptrend. So this one here breaks the first upper trend line and then it is the second one.

55:04
So you can see the trend lines get steeper and steeper but the price still like breaks above them and even here like the price breaks above the trend lines with uh with the steepest angle I think that is like maybe 60 or 70 degree slope. You can easily like observe this is the this is getting parabolic and it for like if it breaks out from this trend line that is like I would tell myself that the top is is really close and remember this is for in in 15 minutes time frame. It's not in the not not even on the daily because daily has been already up for 170% since early 2024. And back then this is like 20% above the 50 EMA.

56:39
So given the big picture then I will zoom in to like to see whether um maybe here could be a potential reversal um potential resistance area. But this is this is not the case for for this time. But I'm using like I'm using trend lines less often now. And I really want to try to keep my charts clean because I think now this it is already pretty overwhelmed by the EMAs or the anchor fee web. If I'm adding more lines into my chart then I would It's not great for for analyzing the charts um 2025 trades. You can go go to the um trade alliance a videos on on YouTube. How long? How far could this go? Further up. These things are going crazy.

01:00:52
Yes. Looks like a bounce coming in. Then as long as the IWM have not going to close above the 9A will be fine for the shorts for the short side. It's starting to look something like here in 20 2015. It it goes sideways for eight months. Eight months. SNDK opens below the anchor V web. Can I get a bounce? Can stop going. Stop going down. IWM bouncing into the resistance. Okay, SNDK bounce back a little bit. That's nice. That's nice. Trying to wait for the 9 EMA. 1 minute 9 EMA. Hopefully can go back to the 620ish area. Yeah. Shorted a bit here. And I have already tried SMDK for three or four times. No, still it keeps hanging around.

01:09:38
keeps keeps holding a 9-year May or a 21-year May Oh, I wanted to short the gold. So, we want to add to the shots. freak. I'm going to lock out for my for my for my IBKR. I think I would I just can't control myself. Yeah, I think Lumin is a pretty good short candidate on the previous gap level F2 several there several rejections on the 15 EMA and given that the most most of the speculative names are a weak or going lower that I think both the individually and the and the sector is is a good short candidate. Hopefully this SNDK is going to like have some follow through and lose the nine day. I don't want to see the STX goes down by 15% but SNDK is only down 5%.

01:13:43
Oh my god. Silver is rejecting. I just Oh, it is so sad. I'm going to cover some shorts into the weakness today before the weekend. If it if it keeps going down, oh my god, this is if gold is going to if it's going to like go go go straight down directly from here, that would They will be reset. That would be really sad. coin is too extended to the downside. Um, personally, I don't I I don't I don't like it. I think the the compared to shorting it here the better the better opportunity will be on the long side. I believe if it go it keeps going down from here like in a in a steep angle maybe to the 120ish or even 100 area that would yeah I think 120ish the private private swing high the key level and then break and retest to find support at at this level 120 around 150.

01:17:42
If it's going to gap lower in the next week, then this is a pretty solid parabolic long entry point if it's possible. Uh yes, I will be holding my my shots if I don't get stopped out. But there's always a gap a gap a gap risk. You just you just cannot afford you just cannot afford it. And if you don't take risk, you you won't you won't gain the extra return because sometimes you get a gap down, sometimes you get a gap up and there there's always a possibility of a black swan event tomorrow. Just embrace it. Okay, so looks like this is bouncing back up. Pretty strong reversal from IWM. It's only 15 minutes after the open.

01:20:25
Look at this. Like this. the baking booth. I don't think these types of these types of action can be can be manipulated or like can only it's only resulted by the elos or whatever like these are cues and spies. You cannot just manipulate the the price action of an of an index. But I just don't I just I just I'm just curious why the like the first 15 minutes is so it's so choppy. Is this the real flush? Is this the the real move after all the chop yesterday pretty huge volume like a dogey candle. And generally when it when it stalks like makes a huge move like it kind of parabolic move if it's not going straight down and it is very likely to build a second like a higher low.

01:24:44
No, sorry lower high before the before the downtrend. So yesterday could be the lower the lower high if we getting follow through from here. What are the examples? Um the base of GM is a little bit like it is it's uh quite long but like for this one you can see after a parabolic move or after the top and then it comes back for a lower high. Oh, sorry. Like gold is looking a little bit similar here, but for now like also a breakout from a really look good looking black or a good looking base. It It's looking very very similar than four four months ago, I believe. like here and then has a the first leg down and then a kind of wedge higher but it face after losing the 9 EMA and make a like a lower high here but the pattern like repeats and repeats This is by the way 45 years ago.

01:27:24
And if you're like if you're zooming out, you can also consider this is is the first lower high in a higher in a higher time frame or you can on a weekly time frame like it's going to retest the previous resistance and then it it starts the new downtrend. [ __ ] This one is looking uh less less obvious. It's just building a flat top. But the the the meaning behind this is very similar and it it does not need to like go straight down to form it to form a top. Sometimes it's going to retest the resistance for for several days or weeks. But here, this one looks really nice. or even here this one the there's two attempts like to re to break out and then to start another uptrend is trying to to take out the previous resistance but it fails and then like this candle so clean it it it looks like good breakout like from here opens higher gaps up and then trying to break out from the previous previous high,

01:29:30
but it fails and then it's just going it just goes What is the weight stocks? Um, no big QB. No ECB. This one is this one is forming forms a higher high like this a called a wake off wake off. What's that called? Wake off spring simply just a fake out trying to like took out the previous highs and then but quickly start to lose the EMAs. This move is up 500% almost like it. So if you have studied charts enough, you would slowly like to get a sense of uh what a topic topping pattern looks like. And then the price actions here is so so choppy is not all the way and with huge volume. I didn't enter the wre it is the it is the idea that I'm tracking just trying to observe this price action.

01:34:18
So right now refri is getting rejected by the anchor vap um pretty weak action but it kind of correlates with the general market. So look what the barter is doing. This is Unbelievably choppy. Um I I I don't know. I have no idea of of shorting the gap up. I didn't like study enough for the gap up in the stage four stage four stocks. But I think they that could be a play. I don't know. The arc is building a bare flag. If it's go sideways for two to three days under the 9 year, maybe it will be it would be pretty good. for shorting this the small the micro cap names. The FDA shows an example of a good looking chart, a good setup,

01:39:44
but it it fails when the market is not cooperating. At least for now, I'm not I don't know whether it would turn back up later today, but at least for now Um, not going to take a long setup for in in this market environment. And it's too too illquid and I don't I don't like trading the biotech stocks. Um, I'm using the essential plan like the cheapest plan or of trading view. I just don't need that many functions. Nothing to do for now. Just going to watch it. Just going to see whether the SNTK would take me out again. And then this is probably the fourth or the fifth attempt. I think the fourth one. Two. Three. Four.

01:45:30
Yeah, I think the the fourth one. face. Yes. Um, yes. I also noticed this feature when you are anchoring the anchor of VW up at a like a lower time frame, but it but like it it won't make a huge difference. just a like a tiny difference and it usually would like won't affect my my decision making just because I anchor it in the hourly chart. I I won't I won't switch my shorts into the longs. I'm just going to use the the one that that the price respects the most. But this market is so exhausting. But this type of market can really like enhance to your improve your trading level if you somehow survive or even make money in this market,

01:49:44
this type of market. Then when the next like trending market or the easy money market comes, then you can You'll feel it like it's like um I can't I can't think of a very good method though but you know what I mean if you can manage to trade well in this type of the market you will be trading really well in the when the market um turns back to be a turns to a trending one like doing the doing the maths doing the maths in the in p in primary school when when you when you graduated from a from a college uh from a university doing a child math And it's probably the one of the longest the choppy market since 2020 since I since I've traded I started trading.

01:51:58
probably there's one in late 2021 and the one in early 2025 but they are just one month around a month now it's like chopping around near like for almost three months the more than three months since Octo since late October Only a very few leaders are making moves. I really want a mat to mark the top of the semi of the semi run like this. Please like stop the choppy market. Let's just stop it. The C gate looks a little bit similar to the plug back in I just shown back in 2021. Luck is up. Wow. Luck is up 2,000%. CK is up 600%. Still a still a crazy move. SNTK is this is the weakest one. The relative weakness compared to the Western Digital and Seagate.

01:57:05
You just pick one direction. Just pick a direction, man. But it is it is pretty weak like the even though the the cues are are extended from the daily 9A like the bounce for the first hour is is weaker than I expected. Not even to the nine nine year on the hourly charts. And the spice too like this. I'm thinking of shorting the W the Western Digital and the Seagate if we got a reversal from here. The weekly chart just looks SNTK is really the weakest one. This is pretty interesting. So, they both made a higher high yesterday and then SNDK made a lower high. market tries to prove itself when after I claim it it is weaker than I expected.

02:01:56
It's trying to prove itself trying to prove me wrong. FTI regains his upside. Wolf. Yes, Wolf is probably one of the strongest one. Yeah, another intraday reverse. So like the general picture the the market breath and the individual stocks actions is not convincing enough for me to look for the upside. what's looking pretty strong, but it's like in near the end of the VWAP and the 9 and 21 EMA. If we can if we can close above them above them that will be a bullish sign. And now she's trying to push higher from this this space here. That's topped out. Very close. Very close. I don't look at the fundamentals.

02:09:30
Yeah, I'm looking at the tentacles only. Pretty a strong bounce for today. I'm just trying to hold my shots for a little bit longer this time. They're using this just following my stop. Oh no, I ran out of buying power. I couldn't short this STX. Damn it. that it is what it is. Oh, so so sad. secures a rejecting on the daily 9A. Mhm. And I am at the 50 MA also the anchor V area. Okay. As long as it it is not going to Okay. As long as my ticket didn't get stopped out, I think it's fine. I can even short maybe Intel here, but but it's still in an uptrend. And uh yeah, I don't want to risk risk too much on a long weekend. compared to the STX.

02:18:13
Not worth taking the risk today. So many fake moves in the tries to go down and then go reverses up chopping for like 30 minutes with a.5% range. Now kill is trading at 1.6 ADR. What about what about here? Like back in 2021 is only like.9% ADR. Now it's almost double of the of that in 2021. It starts to starts a move to the upside and then now it's fading back. Maybe it would like to goes back up again in the in the next five minutes. But at least it shows respect on the Ali EMAs for now and they and they pull back to the EMA. is is better for for another lick higher than just a just keeping gap down. Just I mean keep scapping down.

02:20:45
That is that is brutal. Like how I think probably so many people are getting faked into this into this bounce especially it is bouncing really strong. Why? Why are there like 160 people still watching the stream? I'm I'm not even talking a lot today. Man, this SNDK if it really works out then I think this would be one of the one of the legend legendary trades. How many cents this one for? Oh, okay. Two cents. Is this two cents? Two cents from my stops from being stopped out. Yeah, that's true. like yeah when Christian is streaming back in 2020 2021 and 2022 I also like tune in his stream and then like listening listening to him talking or just treat it as a background background noise and then um good old face.

02:23:13
I really want Christian to stream again and then I can bring back the old memories. Yeah. Greetings from Germany and Romania. Thank you for being here. And then you know I was shorting like my stop is above above the above the day high. I'm shorting. No, I haven't been to India. I think I'm jinxing. I'm going to jinx this tree again. And now the now the skills are trying to snap back up. Another V [ __ ] recovery from here. Like trading is so easy, isn't it? Really don't know what the what market is doing right now. I have no idea. I cannot picture the seller and the buyers in this type of the of of the condition like who is buying who is selling I I have I have no idea like on for the kills for the weekly chart it definitely looks much like really ugly here like this week could possibly marks the second week of the close below the 9 EMA and also the first week close below the 21 EMA and it's not a sharp decline like it's

02:26:31
not it's not a quick one like here. It's like flagging for several months and then try starting to lose it gradually, which reminds me of the 2022 bare market. IWM is is really strong today. Can I can I just change the IWM? IWM is going to 267 today. Take out yesterday's high Hello, Richard. Oh my god. If I speed up my video, you can speed up my video. Like you can just adjust it in your in your settings on YouTube. You can even speed up to 1.5 or 2x gold and silver. Hank King man. Uh the gold here is one of the really good pullback pullback short spot. If you misses the first the first flush 150 and the 50 start frothing crossing down and the 4hour chart is like the EMAs are clustering together and all the other metals are showing relative weakness all under the EMAs.

02:30:23
We see some see some moves. Just just pick one. Just you can either go up or down. Not going sideways. Go back to 2767 please. IWM go back to 267. It will be a bar code pattern. Imagine imagine if prints another red candle here. PR another one. Then this one is the green one. There will be a bar code pattern which is I don't know whether it's bullish or bearish. I have no idea. Probably depends on the last candle. Oh, it's probably going to get stopped out. on SNDK. but be is is now staying below the EMAs and after yesterday's candle looks ugly like gaps up and then baits all day. GFS is one of the outliers after the earnings.

02:34:06
Interesting. But generally, I'm just I'm going to like leave my desk around around now. I was I'm too I'm so curious on where the market could go next. a match is starting to fade to the day low to the low of day. Nvidia losing tries to trying to lose the EMAs. My god, am I getting stopped up? How many attempts like can when would SNDK like if it builds another bull flag and then breaks out again from this this space here it will be it will be phenomenal. It's already it's already up 1,500%. in just uh six months. That will be one of the craziest moves in the stock market history. Wow. Okay. Think stops me out. But I'm not going to give up yet.

02:37:46
I'm not going to give up yet. I is really strong today. Now it's reclaim reclaiming above all the EMAs. actually ascending. It looks better now. If it starts fading. If it starts fading now. Who is who is selling here and then like selling yesterday and then buying today? Are there are there that much of the of the discrepancies between different market participants strong selling yesterday? The strong buying Looks like the market is uh want it goes higher. Yeah, if that's the case, then I'm probably not going to trade for the rest of the Okay. I truly wish the market got doesn't punish me in this trade.

02:46:49
Doesn't punish me this time. The fifth attempt. The fifth attempt. That is That's brutal. Like I'm only risking.3% for each trade. So like five losing streak is only 1.5% draw down. So I think it's still acceptable. Um yeah, pulls back to the 9 EMA. Really want to close below the end of Veap from the swing high here. Yeah, I think it is what it is. That's it for today. Let me just This mark is just uh Don't know what what it is doing. Just let my stop decides and thank you everyone and then see you in the next stream.

