00:11
[music] Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. [music] Wow. I'll be Hello. Good morning, good afternoon and Good evening. So today is a huge cap down day and NASDAQ is gapping down into um gapping down under all the EMAs. Spy is on a 50 and Russo is on the nine. So, let's do the scan first. Um, I'm not sure. Uh, I avoid trading biotech, but this IBRX looks like a really good parabolic shot. And it's gapping near the previous highs, the huge volume day. But I Yeah, I just don't trade the B tax. So not for me. So the metals are still going and I think need a little bit more time for the reversal. But I think is is near. It's around the corner.

06:28
So nearly all of the gap up names premarket is is the gold or the silver stocks and many of them are extended. So I think metals I think golden need one or two days more at least maybe to 4,000 and no around 4,900 areas For a good for a good parabolic shot needs to speed up. Um I'm not active on Instagram. So yeah, you can leave a follow, but I'm not posting anything there yet. Maybe in the future, maybe. And hi from Taiwan. Hello. And I saw a news in Hong Kong today. There's the news in Hong Kong uh reports there are long queue in the in the in the gold shop and people's uh especially the grandmas and the grandpas are rushing to buy gold and silver and that's what grandma said um the reporter asked her um are you afraid that the the price is the price of silver is going to reverse soon and she said no and if if it refers I'll just leave them to my sons and daughters.

09:33
I think that is one of the sign of the top just adds more confection to this parabolic shots. I think it's really near the corner. At least just don't buy any of the gold and silver stocks right now. You can you can you can avoid the short, but I mean you cannot you can skip doing the short, but but just avoid buying buying them. Just do not buy any of the pre precious metals. So Rock 11 this is a uh yeah I bought it I hold them for quite quite a long quite some time. So I keep trailing it and I have my first uh I sell my first partials at uh last Friday on around I think 97 area or 98 areas. It was pretty tough last week. So,

11:07
it's chopping around. And this course, I bought it at the pull back into the anchor free web from the previous swing high. And personally, I uh I don't think this is a like a a setup. maybe a B, but I just uh pull the trigger and fortunately it works. But I don't think in a technical wise or a setup wise it's not a really good setup because a little bit loose on the right side. And now I move the stock to I mean I move the stop to break even. Um, Galaxy. This is a pretty lucky one. I didn't expect that. I didn't expect it to go that fast. And I put this breakout, I think. So, at around uh 26ish area, 26. So, breakout of the previous day high.

12:36
Yes, I Yeah, I think it's around 26 area. So the EMAs are really really confir. Yeah, this is a not a favorable favorable condition but um Originally I I am a little bit bullish about the the cryptos and then I think Galaxy could be one of the names that benefit from it. But turns out it it has the news on the data center. So I reduce some on the on Wednesday on last last Wednesday and also and also uh on Thursday also sell some more and also on Friday too. So I believe now I have around maybe 60% of the original position left. Yes. And as this is a really tricky one. Actually, I got stopped out on Wednesday as it undercuts the uh Friday's low and but then on um so on Wednesday the market pulls back to the 21 EMA and QQ is pulling back on the 50 EMA which makes it a good like a a good spot or good level that could catch a bounce.

15:04
It's I think the indices in the overall market is is doing pretty strong when when it pulls back to the rising emas or the support level uh throughout the last year. So given the given the market this the nature or the condition. So I think this is a good good spot to find some um reversal or the pullback entries and I really think like as the rocket lab is so strong and I think within the same sector ESTs could is also basing near uh close to the alltime highs. So, uh, after I got stopped, I keep watching it and then I I believe I bought a 15minut breakout. Yes, I I bought a 15minut breakout on this candle right here and is it turns out working pretty well.

16:30
And then uh I also sell some sell partials into the strength last Friday. So I reduce quite a lot my I I scale I sell quite a few on the way up and actually on on Thursday the this is also a pullback by opportunity on the on the first pull back to the 9 EMA. So it and also the daily uh on the 1 hour 50 and again I don't think this is a very good like an eight setup but I think the market condition contributes because most of it because the market bounced quite heavily on Wednesday. And the last one is surf. I bought it on the Friday when it pulls back to the angle of VWAP, but today is not gapping down. So, I'm probably going to get stopped out right at the market open.

17:58
Um but uh just notice it now it's gapping under the 9 EMA also near the previous highs as well as the the gap on Thursday the gap up unfilled gap on Thursday. So last week it finds support twice near this areas and I think maybe maybe there could be a pull back by today maybe as the spy is pulling back into the 50s and IWM is pulling back into the 9 EMA. Okay. So, it could be a spot like today. Could be a rebound. Although it's gapping down quite a lot premarket. But right now, I think it's too late for the shorts. If the market, if you're bearish, even if you're bearish, you should not do any shorts here. I think at least wait for the rebound into the declining EMAs.

19:28
the list. Yes. So surf I bought the five minute breakouts. I believe it should be on this candle. I think yes around 2% or maybe the one minute breakout. I've got it. Maybe I put the run one minute breakout on this candle. On this candle. All right, we're still at 2% stop. Okay, Rapian. I'm not going to buy it. I'm not going to buy it. I don't know. Let's see how it how it reacts to the to this to this pirate highs here. This level 16ish. Yeah, Riiffen is letting me down. I thought it could be the next leader, but it it lets me down. Yeah, by the way, a I really love this base. Really a long base above the 150 EMA building higher lows and the EMA starts to cross back and close above the anchor VW web.

22:12
And today it's pulling back into the anchor free web and also the 9 EMA. If the market is going to rebound today, I think a is a is a a setup and on the weekly too. So it's holding up both the 9 and the 21 EMA on the weekly. And this cipher, this cipher too, a little bit stronger than ALAP, but it also looks pretty good. And this U US R is it's breaking out in premarket. It is USA have a strong rally from the lows. So this is a this is a change of character. You can see it snaps into the 21 EMA and close above the 9 EMA which is a strong pretty strong price action. And the second day snaps into the 50 EMA and the 150. And also this two days is closing very strong and the third day even close above the 50 and the 150.

24:37
So from a purely technical perspective that is there's no way people would buy these three kind of a gap up straight gap ups into the declining EMAs. So there must be some someone like the fundamentals fundamental guys is buying them or so maybe maybe some institutions is are buying them. So normally at least there are some like consolidation below the 50 or the 150 but it it doesn't and then it consolidate above all the EMAs for two weeks and there are two strong undercuts and weak claims and find supports on the rising 21 last week which demonstrates this the strength also near the web from This from this you can say it's swing high.

25:49
Also the previous previous swing high too. Actually lumin is not looking that bad. on the daily is gapping down but it's gapping down into the EMAs where the EMAs converge those levels and on the weekday is pulling back into the 9 EMA. So if Lumen can find support here, it could probably probably build an inside week. I would love to see how the quantum names are reacting to this gap down today. So there looks like a short under the 21 and the 9 EMA on the weekly. On the daily they're gapping down. And if the market really rebounds after the market open, maybe they can rally into the 50 50 EMA or just the hourly 9 or the hourly 21 EMA and then will they reverse from there?

33:56
These previous videos look very weak. So I'm a little bit worried about that. this rejection from from Yeah. All glow on the gap up into the the into the ankle free web and then and then and then fails. Same as open. open also gap up into the ankle free web and then couldn't hold it now. It's uh it's looking it's looking bad. I expect the pullback, but if it's closing below the below the 9 EMA, then that's not not good for the long All right. Nepius looks a little bit similar to to the uh cipher The LEU also looks wrong but I think today won't be yeah it won't be we won't get and pull back by entry I at least I wanted to go back to this 305 Nice.

41:13
Maybe a breakout. Maybe a breakout for the 330 area. It could be. It could be, but I prefer I prefer buying the the pullbacks. So today the plan my plan is just trying to maybe try some um Oops. maybe try some um pullbacks or reversals as the market is pulling back into the um rising moving average. But if the market is weak, then I'm just going to maybe reduce some positions and waiting for the next rebound for the shorts. There no I'm not shorting at this this gap. This is This won't be a good riskreward. I try put bought some US for this opening range high breakout but it's uh it's too wide for my stop. Then I just put a stop at of this candle low and it's a uh 3% I use a 3% risk.

47:41
So is is it okay starter? It looks like it stops me out. Oh no, it's just a lucky. It goes up so fast. Well, Well, Come on. It just stops me and then just went away. WM is funny What? Right now the five minute candle a little is a is a little bit too too wide. I think I'm just going to like wait for any I don't think so. Like I already missed the one minute one minute reversals. Wait, my USR didn't get stopped out. How? How? What? Um, I hasn't stopped me out yet. And And now it's coming for me. Okay, now it's coming for me. Come on. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it on, please. How many How many cents? Four cents. Why IP hasn't stopped out yet?

55:19
Wow. Nice. Okay. So, I really recommend you guys to use IB because it's it allows you to to hold to hold your winners longer. The best broker. The best broker. How? What? Yeah, but I don't still don't really like how the markets is doing especially in the cryptos. Crypto is declining the weekly nine and weekly 21. will the stock market Hello. Yeah. Yeah. True. It also hold your loser longer as well. Just don't buy any loser. Avoid a loser. Yeah, this is I go through my watch list this weekend and then uh he has a really strong move on the early January February. I also explained this like pre premarket and and it holds up pretty well.

58:45
It hold above all the EMAs for for two weeks and it pulls back to the rising 21 and also the 150 area. All the the EMAs are clustered to clustering together and find support twice and close really strong and today's a breakout day. I'm not feeling super confident about it. like it. It looks like could it could return to my stop anytime soon. Yes, buying cues are under weekly 9A which could be a potential resistance. But even if you're trying to do shorts, I am I will consider shorting near the EMAs instead of putting today. Yeah, that's what that's what I'm talking about. It's It's coming for me. It's coming for me.

01:02:29
Yes. Uh I try to reduce my position size in the risk per trade this year. Maybe not position size if I can find more if I can find a really tight entry. But the risk trade I'm trying to reduce to like 3 to 4%. Because that I'm I trade so often. So I'm I have a higher risk of a of a losing streaks and also I overtrade a lot. So I try to reduce my draw down by the taking less risk. And it's like it also um improve your your your mental capital too. So if you're in a losing streak, you won't feel that stressed and won't have that many urge to of of a revenge trade or or lead to some behavioral behavioral um slip page. Oh, NDS is so strong today.

01:04:13
But this thing is at least for now like all over the place. Hello from Singapore. Hello. um trim some because um I normally trim when it's when I got above maybe three to five hour and if you're trimming too early and yes you can reduce your your loss when the trades doesn't work but also it significantly reduce your return if you are getting a really good trade. Okay. And I do I do I do progressive exposure but it's more like about the number of trades that I that I take. So if I'm starting from the fully cash to to I'm fully invested maybe the first day I'm just going to try maybe one to two new positions. But if I'm getting yeah if I'm getting a a lot of tractions then I'm maybe try I'm trying more maybe four to five but if I'm start like losing like my trades aren't working well then I'm going to reduce my my risk per trade.

01:07:27
Okay, left. I bought it. I bought it at this one minute candle breakout. Yes, this is it's a really good. Are there any news? So, it's an EP. Yeah, but it's also moving too fast. How? So hard to to manage to stop rather than can buy this flag. Yes, you can buy this Yeah, I have an opening ring try. Maybe even here is too wide. You maybe Yeah, it's a good setup especially on the daily is has a pretty long base and gap up over the previous highs weekly too above the EMAs. This is good. But just a little bit the too the market cap is too too small but still it's a very good a very good chart. So market is chopping around after the open which is not which is not that good.

01:09:53
Uh if I prefer it to like rally straight up after the open at least into the declining 9 EMA. So, right now it feels like it's pretty weak. I don't know. Let's see. And surf is rejecting rejecting the nine. Yeah, the quantum looks like a a short especially on the weekly. We're still above the 50 EMA on the weekly. I don't think don't think today would be a good short entry even if it's really going down as the market probably needs needs to pull back to the 9 or 21 on the daily and then this stock is also needs to rebound and probably going to stop. Stops me up when this rebound. When it's going to rebound, try to trade less this years.

01:12:19
Always reminding myself to trade less over there. Yeah, platinum looks wonderful. So, I really wanted to go go up for one or two days, maybe overshoot the alltime highs. or at least the this this swing high over 2,600 2600 areas and also also speed up the rally of gold and silver together. And then if go going up to like 4,900 or 5 5,000 areas that would be perfect. Yes, I have an interview with Richard soon. So guys, you can leave any questions in the with any questions here and maybe I can also maybe I can include them in the in my slides. Um, there will be an interview with JLo, I believe, on the early February,

01:16:50
but I don't know when it will be released. Yes, I will include my losers. I've already included them. I think it's it's it doesn't buy much time to directly trading through trading field. This and DS is exceptionally control and it's very liquid. He's just an He's just an outlier in this market. Yes, I did change quite a lot in my trading especially on the on the on the pullbacks. I trade much more pullbacks last year. But the fundamentals like the the style is still the same. is also is still the trend following and the tight stock with a low win rate. So, and I think you need to be going with the flow that when the markets change,

01:20:20
you I I have to adapt. I just use um market order to enter my positions. Um I won't limit my entry size but but I will even the market volatility increases. I am still finding the tight stop or the tight range to set my stops. So it is it's it doesn't matter. Either I don't I don't trade or I set my stop. And no, I haven't I haven't become a position trader yet. It's really hard to hold the winners for a really long period going through the ups and downs. Really hot. Most of my games come come from longs. Definitely from longs. So that's also part of the reason that I wanted to trade less shorts. A short has a mathematical mathematically the unfavored for a risk reward.

01:22:59
Yes, I I still trying to hold my wingers winners for for a longer. I really wanted to maybe hold a winner for one or two months at least. So maybe I'm will reduce it to maybe only half of the um original size and then just ride with the smaller smaller size. Wow, this is quite ugly for rocket lip. I'm going to put my stop this the previous week low. Yes. [snorts] And allow some room for the undercuts of the 9A if if there's any. Galaxy will be on this on the on the All of this gap. Um, you can go to my Twitter or the X uh the page to to see my pullbacks, both the short and the long side. It's actually the same, but back on the flip side.

01:26:49
and no I don't check my account balance frequently uh I put very very small emphasis on the fundamentals the only fundamental that I care is the theme What theme does the stock belongs to? I I never look at the uh R or the ratios, revenue growth, earn EPS growth, how many institutions are owning owning the stocks? Um I never read a financial report. I mean reading chart is already very hard. I it just adds more noise if you are trading or at least me if I'm trading both the technical and fundamentals at the same time. But I'm not I'm definitely not saying the fundamentals is is useless or just not profitable or something.

01:28:28
I really respect every like every style of the of different investor or the traders. I think there are hundreds or not thousands of ways of like a profitable trading style or setup or strategies in the market. But I'm just sticking with the technical technicals and don't judge the other like other style of of trading because maybe technical is is working for you and you think the you think the fundamentals are knocked and then you start like judging other other style of the trading but I really think there's so many diversity in the market for you to take profits I mean make profits QQQs are looking bearish on the one minute chart.

01:29:58
But the stocks is holding up. IWM is holding up. Oper is going lower. I really wanted to go one to two more days up Yes, I got stopped out from huts, I believe. Um, on this day I raised my stop to this candle low and then it stops me out on Thursday and also like close below the 9. So either I'm using the close or just to stop it just it will stop me out. So it's a very very tiny game. The last week is is a bit tough. is like chopping around and not doing anything. Especially it's chopping around in the in the no man's land. It just it it's feeling it's feeling weak. So HUD is HUD stops me out but Rocket L stay strong. So sometimes just just follow the rules and follow your stops.

01:36:11
But it's really easier said than done. It's so hard. YMC is too extended. How can you buy up here? He should even like be a short but it's uh yeah I I avoided shorting this kind of like smaller cap stocks and I don't know maybe maybe is is gold and silver Baby, how many%,000% in 5 months? Maybe one or two more days. them. Silver is rejecting. Wow, man. I'm just following my my plan. Maybe maybe it is the top, but I really think it it should go maybe a little bit more to be to be a really good parabolic shots. The GT actually really looks a bit extended. What's the risk here? It's really It's really tempting. Oh, some follow through.

01:40:46
That silver always being choppy. Yeah, I trade less. So, yeah, I'm I'm going to stick with my plan. I'm not going to to show this today. It looks like it's going it's it's going down. So, so currently my two new positions are working quite well for now. And it's I really got surprised by this outperformance from IWM. Galaxy trade. Yeah, the Galaxy B at this breakout on Tuesday. around 26 26ish area. I love the hourly and the hourly is really tight for the breakouts and daily is is holding the 9 and 21 although it's below the 50 which is not favorable for the longs. I actually bought it for a like a sympathy trade for of of Bitcoin on Tuesday.

01:46:02
So, it's around here when the when Bitcoin starts breaking out and then I'm feeling like Galaxy is the strong strongest one compared to the other like maybe Micro Strategy or Coin or this Bitmine. I think the galaxy is the strongest one among all but it turns out it's really well apart from the like the cryptos it also has the data center and I just got kind of lucky for capturing the news of getting the this gap ups on Thursday. What advice I have to give myself when I only traed for one year? Stay tuned for the trader line interview. I think I will share them in in in an interview with Richard. So stay tuned for that.

01:47:55
It it probably probably will be the last part of the interview like Richard asked every trader this the same question. So I think it will be included in the last part of the interview. So stay tuned for the interview. But um I would say um I think one I also mentioned it last year is you need to really refill your trace. So after you um jotting down your trades or the journaling your trades or just rec write them down, you also have to like evaluate your losers especially your losing trades. What else can you do better and what are the weaknesses? Because you will find some similarities in your losing trades.

01:48:56
So last year I found I will increase my risk per trade when I was in a losing streak. So which would like further increase the draw down. Just to really study your losers is really important. Not just writing them down. You have to study the What are your what are the areas of uh for improvement? And the second maybe It's hard to explain, but like you have just really treat every trace uh very every trace very seriously. Um um you have to really obey your stock like you need to define your entry points well and don't just enter a trade uh for feeling comfortable like if you're having formal You really want to enter the stock but actually you know it's not a good entry point or you are risking too much for this trade but like the inner urge requires you to enter the trade or on the other side when the stock is gapping down your your brain is telling you to sell your panic you don't want to maybe lose your profits or like

01:51:16
realize realize your um like Yeah. Normally you you just you just won't uh you will cut your winners early because you don't want to get a draw down and lose your profits. But you know if you're following you following your rules if you're like trading without emotions or um I don't know how to explain just just um you have to really uh ignore your the impulse the inner voice try to be really systematic or not emotional and forget about the money like most of the most of the emotions are coming from uh your desire for money. you really want to get rich or make huge profits and you normally I I have been that stage you f I also over focus on money a lot earlier in my trading journey.

01:52:44
So those mistakes are are very common but you have to if you have letting those habits go earlier in the in your journey then you you will you will elevate your trading much more much more quicker. I believe like it's so easy to easier to be said than done. Normally you you really have to gone through all those stages, all those obstacles or the ups and downs and then you will learn them through your own lessons rather than others sharing or or the quotes you see in in Twitter. You need to improve through your own mistakes. So don't get beaten up by your mistakes. And if you really love trading, if you're really passionate about trading,

01:54:39
just don't give up. Improve through your mistakes. So looks like the market is rallying kind of rallying back finding support especially I really like the actions on IWM but see the cues are under the EMA. So, I'm not I'm not super excited or bullish for this for for this bounce. But the individual stocks are holding up quite well. The strong names are holding up doing what they should do. So look forward to like are there the rejection the the reactions on the declining EMAs on the daily. So I think that's the that's it for today and see you in the next stream. Thank you.

