00:12
[music] [music] [music] I'm [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> I'll be [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Do you feel [music] Good morning, good afternoon, evening. Uh I'm currently on cash. So in February I've gained little and no tractions on the because I mainly focus on the short side but the market proves me wrong. It doesn't want to go lower and then yesterday gaps up and then closed pretty strong. Actually I tried some long yesterday liked but uh it felt late day so this stops me out but um I still think the the current the fight or the strength of the market is broadening especially yesterday because by like potent scan says lots of stocks showing up yesterday 376 a lot of them are up more than 10%.

04:12
And definitely SNDK doesn't want to go down at least for for now. So Q could be the EPS that watch that I'm going to watch but because I don't have much traction and progress and so I I don't think I will be aggressive on the entries today. Hopefully there will be a day or two for the consolidation above the EMAs for the market. And then Via is turning red, but it's pulling back into the previous highs around 194ish. And then I re I optimize this um main watch list. There's several categories. So, I only have the focus list that I I'm trying to um find an entry for or that trading day. And the longs represent the longs that I'm that I'm holding and the short is the shorts.

05:38
I think this will be for easier understanding. So, let's see how the market uh would bring me to. I still think we are not yet fully out um from the chop chop chop chop environment. And I don't liked rejecting from the 9 EMA on the weekly again and also the daily EMAs. weekly chart of the red. Red is another one that I tried yesterday, but it also stops me out. The weekly is looking fine, but now it's stepping down. So I want the market to confirm that to to show some strength on the 50 EMA level. G me an inside day breakout. I sent is on the swing high and goofy web. One day for one more day for the consolidation would be the best for the long side.

09:06
But I'm always ready for the short side actually. But now I'm like it's it's looking more promising on the long side as well as giving the other price actions from the semi names. So really need to be open-minded. EMP is pulling back into nine year almost. I think it's going to take out the lows of the breakout state on Tuesday. I don't think it could be a possible shorted uh market pulls back today. It's bouncing into the nine 9 y on the weekly and also the previous swing low uh swing low. What's some SOS on this breakout? video is now only 98. If it founds any bounce around here, I think is I'll try I'll try to buy a Pull back here.

18:56
Let's see. Can we get a bounce from here? Oh, the memory names here. is pretty weak for today. The stop down on probably got stable on the Nvidia SN is still holding up compared to Seagate and Western Digital. When this is recovering Okay. I went to is still pushing um to the 50 EMA. This becomes going to it's acting really interesting here. Nvidia is it's going lower. Don't know whether it will bounce back on the later half of the day. Uh if this is happening in 2021, then it's 90% of the time is probably going to go lower. But this is 2026. I'm going I'm going to say this the chart is 5050 K is going is losing the non on the hourly chart.

28:32
I don't like it. I'm thinking could the nine year mail on the weekly be a resistance and this is a um like a overshoot. Personally, I don't quite like the the weakness of the seg digital today. If we are talking about the long side PT has also reported earnings See, video is is at a pretty important level for is and go free web on this bounce where it found support at the resistance once and then I think twice if you consider this two as the 21 EMA I think this one would be the third time and Q is rejecting pretty hard from the EP from the gap up. It's gapping up more than 15% I believe and then now it's it's down 11%. arm is rejecting at the 50 EMA on the weekly chart.

32:52
There also 150 on the daily. And then um is this a possible turning point on the on the weekly charts? back is bouncing pretty hot now is above the 9 EMA and if today closes strongly will be the second day close above the 50 EMA. Okay. So, go at the 21 EMA now. Probably needs a pause. I don't feel I'm not feeling that good for the price action on of today. Right now it's giving me a feeling for a trap of a boot trap setting up yesterday. But I don't know they are still above the the EMAs and uh I mean one of the most important stops right now is the SNDK. If it's keep setting up above the year 9 year, then it's it's not it's not it's not that yet.

35:35
Probably even go up for another 30, 40 or even 100% move. right now. I think too many pe too many people are talking about it. It's feeling like uh here like a lot some some people are loving it and some people are hating it. But the fact is is um going up500% from the past few months and now it's setting up a high tie flag and above the 9 EMA. Okay. Still pretty strong on the on the daily chart. Went don't think it's going to make a huge move today. It's still very choppy. You see the intraday range is still pretty wide. It's going to it's going to pick a direction, but I think it's better to wait. So red cat and DS is reclaiming the EMA is opening red and the bounce supports.

41:50
The ROI is coming down 40%. After earnings Hym is on um 150 EMA on the daily, 21 EMA on the weekly. If I'm if I'm trying to I'm not going to long long here. The best the better entry would be waiting for the 9 and 21 to catch up a bit. Hopefully or build an inside week above the the nine or preferably above the 21. If if it trying to base below the 21 or even below the nine, then it could even be a bearish case. Could even be a a short Dami names are so pulling back today. Pretty pretty hot one. Mhm. I don't we don't don't quite like that the the action on the semi semi sector looks like tries to push higher from this from this cup with handle a really small cup with handle pattern but a strong rejection and then a sell off from the from the highs.

45:54
But actually there's a pretty strong rejection around this 360 level when each time it tries to take out the prior high there are some strong selling And uh today the ce is looking this queue is looking very very ugly. Okay. OMDS like a small caps that do it doing uh doing fine. I think the other that's that's probably it. Yeah. Three pushes. I don't know. Is this the Is this the fake out on the cues? It's really tricky because the EMAs are still trend is still trending lower. The 9 is still under the 21 and the weekly is still under the 9 EMA. I'm going to short somehow into the a plant. It's plant on the non. Oh,

51:36
sorry. 50 EMA. I don't know. Today's feeling is the market is being a little bit earish. Odd DS is rejecting hot. Oh, please tell me that I that there are some some more opportunities on a me memory names if it's going lower this. Oh no. I think SNDK if it say intraday bounce I'm maybe will consider it. Oh come on. I tried seven times on the on the shorts this and this time I'm not in it. lots of people on the on Twitter. Um kind of um like they they think if you're in a you if you're in a trade that getting stopped out for several times then you you you just get it get away with it. I kind of agree that's probably true. But the first one is the the time span is not I I get I I keep getting stopped out on the same day or just one to two days.

53:50
I tried it for probably since 4th of December. So it's more than three weeks. It's actually not that frequent. And then I think more than half of it are actually break even or small gains because I actually understand shorting a stocks in an uptrend is still is quite dangerous. So um I move my stop to break even more like quicker than how I normally manage my trades. So actually it doesn't gives a do a lot of harm to my equity curve. I'm still I think I'm still up on February but really not much or maybe down a bit but still there's like really not much within I think 3 to 5% But I really really think the SNTK has a has a higher probability of going lower than is then going higher.

55:34
But it looks like it's is going to go lower without me again. This is the hardest part. This is this the most unfortunate part. Oh, but still it's too early to to to like define the top or the semi semi moves. Please stop going lower. Now it's looking pretty ugly. This is under the anchor from the alltime high. Um indeed there are definitely some examples of of some really really insane moves that when the stocks keep keeps breaking out and make 2,000 the moves more than 2,000%. But it is definitely a ex an outlier and also I I think it will be less likely to happen in a in a in this in this breath the in this pretty narrow leadership market and it's most of these speculative names are are not doing well and I don't know now it's going lower and the market proves me wrong again.

58:42
Just right after I said it, it's probably not going to find a direction to go within today and then it goes lower by 5% in 30 minutes. Yeah, I was I was always looking at the Western Digital NC gate. I'm probably will find an entry if it stays weak for today. I've been today's action gives me more confidence on the on the on the downside. Hopefully hopefully it closes above the 21 but not but not above the 9A. So somewhere in between is really nice. And then uh yeah, tomorrow will be a an optimal optimal timing for the shorts. If it's if tomorrow it opens higher or just somewhere near the 21 EMA, that will be nice.

01:00:18
And SMTK just somewhere near the near the 9 EMA. Oh my god, he's looking so weak for today. I've always been too early like for es especially for the shorts. I I always shorts do the shots too early. Next time I I should be more patient and and holding myself back a bit. MU is uh breaking down. So it's it's not it's keeping a higher lows and above 9 EMA trying to set up a bull flag, but it's a fake one. So the it expands not on the upside on the short side. Come on. If SDK is going to bounce back into the 620 22 23 area that will be nice. That will be nice. Q doesn't want to go down. But the Q BTS could be a 101. I don't know. This has been a bit extended to the downside.

01:04:15
side. Today's volume is pretty huge on cues. The largest volume since the liberation day low. That's quite unusual. really interesting markets. I think uh would be would be a really good environment to to hone your skills. The situational awareness The power of sitting out. Manage your emotions and uh prevent overtrading, prevent FOMO. This is the market that really helps improving this improving this this mistakes or like they really it is really punishing you. If you are in a strong uptrend or downtrend market, then sometimes you you will still the market will still reward you if you're overtrading or just entering the random stocks at a random time.

01:09:39
I really wanted to like an entry on SNDK. Is this a market has already been been a bit extended on the downside? Yeah, I'm going to wait for it tomorrow. Please give me an opportunity. Or is it going to break down with this smaller small little bare flag on a lower time frame? I'm going I'm going to like I'm in a in a P is telling me to to trade in the urge. But DS and like the red cat is still holding up relatively strong compared to the general market for today. earnings report on rocket lab. The satellite stocks has been a bit weak since uh early February. Planet lab is the strongest one. But other than other than that,

01:12:37
I think others have been weak. and the metals is looking interesting too. I also have a bias on the on the short side on the metals, but I'm waiting for the right timing. I don't know whether is it it is correct or not but a little bit similar to a 1980s um after a sharp decline in this um bounce back above the emas and looks like it's trying to set up for another building a range here trying to break out and then goes goes back to the alltime high. If this is the like if we're trading in hindsight in this case probably the the best entry would be the first retest on the 9 EMA and then the retest on the 21 and the 9. Also this one on the 21.

01:15:46
So would be but it it could also possibly keeps going higher from here. So I will be waiting for the close below the 9 year May for both the gold and silver or authentic case bouncing back. That is good. mean 20 2021 or 2022 possibly enter shorts at right here and then got stopped out because uh not following my the plan and then enter at somewhere extended. Now it could be a will be a little bit better spot to short. Um, yeah, I've I've changed my uh change the naming of different sections in this main watch list a bit. So, longs and shorts are representing the position that I'm holding. focus is the names that are trying to find an entry for for this trading day.

01:20:44
And tracking just just means tracking. This just there are the stocks that were to observe this is this price actions and the rel relative strengths etc. So IW is bouncing pretty hot, bouncing back and DS is not going down. That means we're still in a choppy choppy market. But uh I'm looking forward all into the next into the into tomorrow. Nvidia is also on a anchor fee on this swing high of this base alltime high also. How How can I How do I limit my draw down? Actually, I don't know. I'm really bad at limiting my draw down. I don't have I'm not qualified or uh limit my draw down. I think the best the best way is just trace smaller.

01:25:43
This is the um the biggest improvement that I made in uh last year that I didn't increase my sizing when I'm in a losing streak. And on the other hand, you should even reduce your sizing. And I think it really helps But I I will still over trade and then do some random trades. Oh yes, good. I very good observation that I I really love to check whether the kills is on certain level like for example if I if I'm trying to short I want to short when the cute is on a resistance. Maybe sometimes the intraday resistance, sometimes a a daily or weekly resistance level. I'm trying to to be um in sync with the market as most as as possible.

01:29:34
So when sometimes you when it cues is only a resistance and the individual stock is also added resistance and I believe it it's increase the odds of the trade that's that's going to work. Oh, thanks guy. Thank you. Thank you guys for coming and then probably not going to enter trades for the rest of the day. And you I'll see you for the next one.

