00:09
[music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] [music] >> Morning, afternoon, evening everyone. Um market is gapping down quite a lot today and the indices are cues is on the 150 EMA and also 55 595 area and the SAM is um dipping into the weekly 9 EMA. Okay, which it has found support for several times since the April last year since the whole uptrend. So I will expect uh there will be some bounce near the open and I will try I'll try to cover some a little some shorts a bit partials or maybe not and I will look for the short opportunities or SND DK and the other memory names.

05:56
So STK is opening lower than the previous day low under the anchor V from alltime high under the 9 EMA. I think um a bounce to the 625ish or even bounce back to 635 is um is a very possible resistance level and the intraday level to find a short. But uh but it hugely depends on um the relative strength and weakness of the of of SNK and the general market and there's some NS and red cat is the drone names. gapping up because of the Iran news and also the this and AOI. Not sure about the the news or catalyst, but there are the optic optics theme. So, they're they're going really fast. AI is up uh 100% in just two trading days.

08:13
things really get um bastard this year actually last year too but a 100% move in two days in a selective market condition is uh I think it's not it's not How many scene? Um, I'm not going to enter it and take any take any longs today. I think at least I'm not going to take a while or like the one that is wait hopefully they can they can go to 150 and then set up for a parabolic shot. But right now I'm just I'm trying to focus on the short side first and but definitely there are lots of uh still many names that is holding up very Well, especially um in the semi sector and the optics is the one of the strongest name a strongest theme is a light and coining also the really really strong stocks at the moment.

10:49
I just don't want to get distracted and uh at least for me I'm I don't think I will I'm trading good enough to trade both long and short side at the same time. Let's see whether I can get some get some uh can cover some shorts at the open. I don't know why I my stop my stop um the line of my stop is disappeared but I'll focus on the trading person then I think it's kind of some some bug or in trading view going to reopen Okay, I got stopped though for rest of FS. invest the push uh right after the market right at the market open circle. Cool. I think it takes out the previous bar high already. That is Be a bit patient here at the first 15 minutes.

17:40
When there's a red chat is pushing up, pushing higher up to the open. Very strong action. If market is going to hold is going to hold by today then maybe can be a Really good high tie flag. is strongly just break out from yes uh previous day Bye. Heat. Uh, what did SNDK or CK is a weaker one. We should have treated this one rather than Western Digital. My mistake. Yeah, should have traded the Cape. Really interesting to see the record is still holding up really well. is turning back up and even taking out the Wednesday's high. in crypto really need to proves itself and quickly pushes higher. If it's still hanging around this level,

29:14
I it will be not not good. I'm going to wait for the retest of um SNTK on the V. What whether I think there will there will be one Today's training field is feeling a bit lacky to me today. Not smooth. Yeah, now now it's better. Oh, and DSN is still going. shows is now only 5 minute on near me. I've also shorted this CX and C. Let's see. and I add it to SMDK for the anchor f test. Not sure. I think it it worth a if worth a shot if we are getting rejection and follow through to the downside. The is actually under weekly non now. Um, the light is reversing from the highs. Huge volume on the first 15minute candle. Not not explosive,

36:17
but still quite high volume. This car also having strong follow through also another wrong names AVA2 AVA I believe is near the angle field But yes, um a little bit dangerous. You can easily reverse and then close below the 50 EMA. really depends on the close. and IWM is still weaker, the weakest index index among among the three. I think it's a is it's more b is more favorable for the shorts. It's also it's also on the 50 EMA too. I don't really know, but I have to pick one side. I'm just going to bet the short side and Q is now under the 9 and 21 weekly EMA. I don't like it. I don't like it. If I'm if I'm playing long,

40:12
I don't want to kill this under 9 and 21. and Nvidia last week's candle is a really really really big bearish engulfing and then close below the 9 and 21 weekly. Now it's trying to bounce into the declining 921 on the weekly. I would play uh if if it opens if it gaps up tomorrow then into the maybe the 182 level then it is a good spot to watch for. Ripto is pushing high up. It really needs to go. I want it to go fast. If it if it's if it's not, it will be a really another another short short entries for the on the EMAs on the 9. Oh, this is not the 9 EMA. This is the 15 EMA. I I will use a different EMA settings for crypto. But it's the same it's the same principle.

43:17
Oh, Hopefully the bounce won't stop won't stop me out from the SNDK and all the memory names and then I can take a Nvidia shot tomorrow. That's probably best scenario or maybe even I have to take the shot in video shot or at the hourly 9 EMA but that is a little bit too I I would I would take too much risk. Oh, here is another optic name. Gapping up, getting accelerated. It's accelerating to the breaking out from this upper trend line getting steeper and steeper. Don't know where where will it stop and then and then going to fall but Really not much opportunities. Not not much good entries for entering the memory and the optics optics name.

48:44
You really have to maybe bought the dip on the 9y year. May like the the pullback buys on the 50 EMA. So on the hourly chart Oh, here maybe there's one on this day here on the pullback on the 21 EMA and the anchor free up from the low and the swing from the earnings. Maybe actually today let me if maybe today will be the EP and then there's another 30 40 or 50% move maybe EMAs of Intel is they're really compressing. Just don't know which way it they're going to expand. IWM turns green. That's amazing. Hopefully I can get the Nvidia short for tomorrow and not getting stopped out on the SNDK. That's all I Yeah, that's the push.

53:58
I still didn't I still prefer it to go to push higher. Just get above the 150. Maybe I can take a try on Invidia today. Let's see. live captions. I will look into it. Okay. I'm not sure whether I can get it done, but I will look into it. IGV has a huge volume candle last week on a key level 77 area previous lows But uh this but compared to the huge volume the price action is a bit weak. It cannot it even cannot close above the prior week high. I'm afraid it can it it's going to set up for another short. If this if the volume is that huge, you you should get like the candle some something like this. This price a price price actions to me is uh is is is weak.

58:34
Maybe it bounced back into the 21 and then it going to get rejected forms a range between 9 and 21 and see whether which side wanted to break out. Maybe maybe build a in first half and shoulder or just another bare flag is bouncing pretty strong but still at the 21 EMA. Okay. I'm in STX. I'm in SNTK, WDC, and STX. All three. Oh, this this is really low price for this bad triple ETF for semis. And this is Oh, this is split. I think this is a merge. Three days later. how I chose my moving averages. I just did simple um trial and error. I'm just try I think the nine year may I learn I I learned it from the day trading guys. I forgot.

01:02:26
I think I just randomly watched some day trading videos in YouTube and most of them are using the 9 EMA and then I just put put it into my chart and think I think they look they are it is pretty useful and the price is respecting it pretty well. And for 21 and 50 just I think if you're using the the 10 day the 20 day and 50 days then it's a another popular one that people are using and that people and the reason why I love using EMA is just they are smoother especially for this trending stocks. And the price I think they are uh the stock is respecting the EMA a bit better than the simple the simple one at least for the fastm moving stocks or the tech stocks or the the stocks that I'm trading,

01:04:02
but you just uh just you can just try everything. Try anything and then pick your favorite one. I think it doesn't really matter that much. And the 150 day is the one that uh I'm also like I'm trying to add one more EMAs on a on a on a longer period and I I tried 100 150 and 200 and find 150 bits better than the than than the two and then I just chose the 150. Nothing fancy. for the crypto one. I I think I'm using the 13, 30, and 60. Okay, because crypto is trading 7 days a week compared to stocks that which is five days a week that I I just extend extended the EMA from like trying to expand from the ratio of of five to seven because if nine nine year kind of means um 10 like kind of kind of means 10 day and 10 days is two weeks in the in the stock market but for crypto two weeks is 14 trading days then I'm I'm just minus one using 13 and the rest is is the same but I but I still think the nine or the 21 and 50 also works pretty well on cryp on

01:06:23
the cryptos too. And it really doesn't change much in my decision making. I just just keep it in and then I will I will refer to both both pairs of EMAs. Well, thanks for answering. Yes, I am using market orders. So as DK is rejecting from like the trying to shoot high up the belt now is is um I think the first step in the downside but I still need another confirmation for a retest into the 9y EMA on the weekly uh on the daily and also maybe the anchor free web maybe you you can say today can be a 9A retest. Uh yeah, but generally it would there will be another one after it closed below the 9 EMA and this stock is really really choppy and volatile.

01:08:56
And then um I'm not going to celebrate early until I close the shot. Yes, longs and shorts are the positions that I'm holding. You're welcome. Thank you. Yeah, the weekly shot of flight is extended. Definitely extended. So don't um I don't think now is a good timing to to long this thing. At least not a good riskreward. We're trading this now. And planet lab is freaking out. Really crazy. S SNP equal weight is trailing the 21 EMA really well and this still building higher lows from the p from the past several from from the past several weeks. even stronger than the IWM. I don't know like sometimes they're all noise.

01:13:49
I I have no idea whether that the the strength in the S SNP equal weight. What does that what does it means? But I only know the the leaders are extended and some are trying to lose the EMAs. The kill is under all the EMAs and the market is very selective. That's the fact. Okay, I I also I took the short I took the shot of Nvidia. If it stops me out today, um I think I would take another try. I'll try it again tomorrow if it if it's not gapping down. Um, when the market turns good, how fast I'm going to deploy my position? I I have no numbers. I have no I don't have any fixed numbers for that. Just have to manage the draw downs.

01:18:08
I think I think three 3% is my is my limit. I don't have a fixed or a hot hot stop on a daily draw down but definitely if you now I'm risking around.3% on a trade that means I have to lose 10 trades in a row to get a 3% draw down and generally you won't um unless you get chopped in both long and shorts in at in the same day. Like normally you won't get stopped out in 10 positions or 10 trades in a row in the same direction. Unless you're overtrading. um not I I don't count the unrealized lost on the existing positions. Yeah, that's right. Sometimes it it is it's easy to have more than 3% of the daily draw down if you have a number of existing positions and you enter some new positions on that day and the and the plan doesn't works out and also your existing position got stopped out and you'll have a larger draw down than than you expect.

01:21:33
But um yeah, I think the 3% is just the like a me a mental stop or and only I only counted the the new trades that I'm taking on that trading day only. But but very rarely I would get a 10 losing trades in in the same day. Even in the last December that I get a 26% draw down. I I think I'm I just got maybe five for sometimes I get a three, sometimes I get a five, sometimes maybe I think six to seven is the maximum for uh losing trades per day. But I just keep getting stopped out just keep getting losses um day after day. I tried and also both the long and short side. So really be careful uh if you're trying to switch like trying to flip um in your trading direction such as the market now.

01:23:00
It's really choppy and then you'll be easily get chopped up. So I think the more important the more important one is the um don't don't only focus on one trading day. You have like just you have to focus on the maybe the draw down from your peak equity or just at least the trades in the same within the same week whether they are working or not So yeah, crypto is pushing higher to into the 4 hour 150 EMA. I think that's the first step to for setting up uh a bigger a a bigger pullback or a bigger bounce a bigger bounce. I mean a stronger bounce to uh maybe 50 EMA. Looks like I'm getting stopped out from the Infia. and I'm still looking for the shorts on the gold and silver on the I think after the after they lose then like 9A first and then uh the first pullback into a declining Yep.

01:27:32
And this now the market is still bouncing try and holding up trying to bounce back into the declining EMAs. I just said it. I think I said it thousand times today. And before I think before a strong close above above them I'm will look for the short side only especially the cues. the NASDAQ, the EMAs are still trending down and uh the weekly still under the weekly 9 and 21 and the Nvidia is the the tech giant is getting hammered after the earnings. Oh, SMCI is actually looking pretty good on the short side. several weeks on facing below the 9A on the weekly chart and all the EMAs on the weekly charts are declining.

01:30:55
What percentage? I'm about 300% short on the short side. Um, I think the one like one thing that I like and don't like on rock lab is I think the the sector is strong although I'm not sure whether worker lab is is also operating or also building the the drones or the UAV or or the rockets and satellites Because the they the um the trading view that is pretty the the categor the categorization is pretty bad or this or the sector industry defining system is pretty bad. The rock lab is one hand is above the 21 and another other hand is under the 9 MA if it's just um if you're if you're trying to short it. I think now it's uh like at the EMAs is is the best.

01:33:39
It it gives you the best riskreward. It's just about the market. If the market is weak, then it's probably worth it. But like the choppy market, um I don't know. But definitely I think shorting at the where the EMAs is coming close together is the is the best riskreward one. and as earnings today. I'm just feeling a bit mixed like I don't Yeah, planet lab is strong too. If planet lab is weaker then I think they it will be much better. But comparatively like the rocket lab is the relative weakness makes it a better candidate to short but on the sector wise um it's still one of the leading one at least not the weak not the weakest ones.

01:36:14
But I don't really know. But I think if you are if you wanted to short it, I think the roundive emas are the a great spot to to take a to take a try. If the market gaps up tomorrow, what's my risk? Um, well, it really depends. Um, if the market is gapping up maybe two to 3% the general market two to 2% gap up into like 220. I think it's already it is a quite a rare event like 2% gap up or a gap down probably my individual stocks will gap up 5% each probably I think it's could be a maybe a 10 10% draw down in my portfolio around cuz some I have I have some cushions on some names and some will not be getting up that much. Maybe like all maybe only gets gaps up for 3%.

01:41:26
But I believe it will be less than 10% draw down. I don't use level two. I never use it. I never use it. So, I'm going to call it a day here. Thank you all for for coming and watching and see you in the next one.

