00:10
[music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> I'm a >> [music] [music] >> Morning, afternoon, evening and so on. I got three trade ideas for today. Rocket Lab short, light short, and a UXY long. That's the only three ideas I got. And now the Q's I think most of the indices are bouncing into the hourly 9 EMA given yesterday's momentum to the downside the week close. I would like to like increase the exposure on the short side and the fix is still under 30. And I believe we'll have a have a push to maybe at least 40 or even 50 level hopefully to really reset the market.

05:49
And maybe I found a on the base low in a medium medium term because we're still in a kind of in the range since the December of no November last year. And now spy and IWM are starting to roll over and they're under the EMAs. Let's see whether if the ind indices like IWM can bounce to the 21 EMA on the hourly chart 250 level. It is it is also another good level to focus on. And Juvy is pulling back into the entry web on the Monday high. and lights. My focus will be on the end of the low from the swing low as well as the 9 or the 21 EMA on the hourly chart. And actually yesterday white gives a really good entry on the on the bounce into the alltime high EMA uh anchor web and the declining 9 EMA yesterday is actually the entry is really Good.

10:02
Ripto is bouncing really is it breaking out from this from this small flag the double inside eight now it's at the 15 EMA Okay. Potentially we'll find some resistance here. But let's see. Maybe it is going to like take out I mean take off from here. something like the something like May last year. Oh, ESTs is bouncing. It's up 5%. Looks like a strong bounce. We're bouncing into the ankle up from the swing high. And I'm probably not going to take the rocket lab at the moment. I ran off buying power. Then I couldn't short light. I think I can only build it 10% position on lights. But then never mind. If uh I got stopped out from the UXY,

17:57
I will look for the re-entry. Oh, the nifty50 is. This is a nifty50 nifty index. Is this is this the nifty50? I think the Indian ind Indians market index. So the Indian market is getting hammered 11% for the past two weeks. I really want the US market to do something similar. It really has a really we get a flush around 10% that will be really nice. If they got more than 10% correction, that would be even better. We're not getting a really deep correction since the April last year. And actually last year's April is only 25% from the highs. Yep. This is freaking out from the inside day yesterday. So maybe I'm wrong.

21:34
We're selling this into strength. But the trace uh is already taken. So no point to look back on it. But we'll we'll evaluate the cell maybe next like a weeks later. The first 15 minutes is pretty strong. Market is finding support at the 9 EMA on the one minute chart. And IWM is a it's a bit weaker than the kills and the spice. The next one will be 21 EMA on the hourly chart. So one thing that's pretty bullish is Nvidia is holding the angle web from the earnings day the huge red candle. STK is look is looking like it's building a W flag or a a small flag after this the second low touching the 15 EMA, a double bottom maybe AOI at the end of V from the earnings day from the EP day.

26:14
That is really interesting. So if the market continues being strong, I think AOY could be a play. And this will be an undercut of the 9 EMA if it bounce back from the anchor. And it will looks pretty good actually. IWM still cannot get above the 250 level. A lot of the mega cap names are bouncing into the declining EMAs. That's why I'm a little bit uh Not biased on the bounce. the second attempt on new XY. We'll see. So, if this um this second try doesn't work, then I think I'm Yeah, I think that's I'm not going to try the third time. for UXY because UXY is uh it's actually difficult to trade compared to if you're trading maybe SQQ or the inverse ETF of the indices.

31:08
But the potential gain of um UXY will be higher than the inverse ETFs. RTI is actually is actually bouncing pretty hot. Bouncing pretty strong. We'll see any rejection at the 9A and AOI looks like it cannot find a support on the anafe web from the EP. Let's see whether we can get a reclaim or at this 1 hour candle because it had it has found support three times. So actually it respect this anchor web pretty well. The memory names is very strong today. It's actually breaking out from the and making a higher low after the 50-day pullback. What is to me is a short. I'm not trusting the breakouts on the space names or the drones names.

36:39
At least for Rocket Lab, the thing is not At least for now it's under the EMAs. I will be looking for the short side. Even though the memory names are looking strong, looking strong now, I'm feeling a little bit skeptical on the on the breakouts. General market's weak and the semi ETF is bouncing back into the 9 EMA, 50 EMA on the hourly chart. I don't know like anything can happen in this polarized market and Netflix is so showing really huge relative strength today. And us is actually looking very nice right now. Okay. Y looks like it's holding up. But but it's unable to we get a quick bounce above the 9 EMA.

43:00
I think a strong reaction something like when you when you really um pull back into the support level the strong reaction will be a a quick bounce like a V-shaped recovery a huge green candle and you'll be reclaiming the 9A pretty fast. The AOI is not having that actions compared to previous um pull back into this angle view. So I think it's also the reason why that I bought the Dell on Tuesday because it's a really strong actions after it after the dip. really that is actually a really nasty shakeouts on the 9 EMA. A lot of people putting the stops at the private low the the bar low of the on Monday or the or this candle here will get shaken out.

48:46
mean reversion. I I think the only mean version that I I trade will be the parabolics. If it's simply like doing some range bounce or like a a channel like a buy the dips and sell into the in the into the highs within a a range or a channel. Uh I don't study them. I haven't studied them. I think the minimum reversions trace that you are referring to is something like when you buy something in the dip and then sell something into the into the highs and when it pulls back again and you you bought in a dip and then sell into the highs and buy in the dip and sell into the highs. But uh I have very little knowledge on the on those trading style.

51:34
Um, the intro song is called Magic Lamp by Moonboy. I'm going to send the links out in a second. So the indices are pulling back after the the first 15 minutes. the first 15 minutes strength and now it's rolling over at the 21 EMA. But still, it's I don't see a lot of panic in the in the market just just yet. I really want to see a like a huge huge flush, a huge down day or for a huge amount of stocks including the the leaders because now there's still a lot of money flowing into the the leaders the strongest names and some of some of them are actually the small caps and the micro caps. That just kind of telling me the the sentiment is not that bearish Enough.

55:18
And I'm really curious to see whether this where the oil could possibly go. Iran says it um oil can goes to 200 bucks. 200 bucks will be something like here. I think 99% of the time it's not going to happen. I think retest of the pre uh the previous high is is possible. I think yeah I think it's one of the the scenario that they that that could possibly happen but I think we'll watch for the reversal on the oil also help to use this to determine whether the market uh could possibly find a close and I and apart from the previous high 120 at 105 will be another level that I'm also watching. Okay. Heat. I want to see find any are there any any hints or the correlation between the SLE and the oil like whether the SLE will will top first or the oil will will top first.

01:01:05
I don't see much don't see much hints on on them. Ay is actually bouncing from the end of Vap. And this one hourly candle looks very nice. If the market is a little bit stronger, then I'm I'll be really interested in buying this AOY on this pullback. back. No, I haven't been in such a choppy market. I started trading in late 2020 somewhere somewhere somewhere here I think and I forget how I like how I really trade In 2022, I'm up single digit, I think, uh, in 2022, but I I didn't feel that. Yeah, I don't think I'm feeling that that much of frustration or like a lack of follow through in the trades. Probably was still getting pretty good follow through even though you are like only playing the bounce or playing the playing the downside.

01:06:34
So you still get a multi-day moves on both sides. And definitely there there will be there are some like choppy periods such as um February or January it's Feb um December in 2024 and January in 2025. But it's got in a much shorter period than I think still they're easier to trade compared to the markets now. Because this type of a market is the best place to for you to really hone your trading skills. Especially sometimes you need to stop looking for the breakouts. Stop looking for the the longs. When the breath is low, when the leader leaders are shrinking, this type of market will punish the traders that is chasing every breakouts.

01:09:20
I think lots of likeds if you're buying every breakouts on since February uh since March then you are you'll be really hot. You're getting stopped out multiple times. Even you you're trying to play the short side. You probably still getting stopped up. And I'm looking forward to like to see the semi ETF to roll over. Maybe next week if we if we cannot get the referral today. No, I haven't traded a Wednesday. It's not a good It's not a uh I don't think it's a good spot to like take a long to take a longs although it's pull back into the previous highs 21 EMA on the hourly chart but the daily chart is so extended it's 50% above of the 50 EMA.

01:11:58
It's not even close to the 9 EMA on the daily charts. I'm not seeing much for today and I think uh that's it for today. It's not going to take any more trades and I do the market proves itself to but I think it's really hard like the it's still far from the 9 EMA on the on the daily charts or it has a really quick really strong flush to the downside. I really don't want a another chop around the 150 EMA. That will be the worst the worst possible scenario. I also put oil. the commodities that is uh getting the most attention currently and I believe the market will found a bottom at least a shortterm bottom when the oil fell the up.

01:15:05
So, we'll see. And And I think I mean sometimes you don't need to trade every day. Maybe I'm a definitely a chronic overt trader. I I took so many trades. I really wanted to to do something uh to have to to make some trades to have some exposures uh in the markets. But I mean this you don't need to like you don't need to break like me like I think this is a market that you can just observe and trying to stay in the sidelines and watch for the price actions for the strong stocks like how the leaders um build the relative strengths and how the legards are going to crack or where can I um find the best entry for the for for the shorts or where can I have um find the the best timing to buy the to buy the new leaders when the markets are starting to find a low and try and set up another uptrend.

01:17:30
And I truly believe the like the there there must be an easy easy money market in the future. It will definitely come. And if you are losing your mental and the financial capital before it comes, then that'll be the most unfortunate unfortunate things to to hear. And the mark is going to tell you the really really it will notify you when when it starts to turn up and it become easier to trade. And I'll be interested to like reshorts the memory names if it fail to break out from the private swing high or even rolling over um below the EMAs for the next week. For next week, see how they close today. And yeah, that's it for today.

01:19:35
You don't need to trade like you you don't you if you don't you if you don't like shorting you you you can just avoid the shorts. You don't need to master every every setups, every style of trading, every every market conditions. and you can still make a pretty good return. So, thank you guys for coming and see you in the next one.

