00:14
[music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] >> I'm a >> [music] >> I'm Good morning, good afternoon and good evening everyone. And uh it got stopped out of SNTK again. And it's not it's like uh it's not setting up for higher possibly But I don't see um like a lots of other good opportunities other than the I think SNDK is the probably one of a few and the market is still range bounding. I mean bouncing near the EMAs and the like the previous swing high and swing low level. Still a lot of a lot of chop. And I tomorrow I I exited SMR at uh at on Thursday.

06:46
Yeah, I I set my stop on the Wednesday high and then it stops me out on Thursday. Now it's going lower like some stocks are getting some rejections such as the DS is a pretty huge one that I didn't expect to close below the EMAs on the Friday the rejection on the anchor fee is a really strong one. All right. And rocket lab too. It also overshoots the 21 EMA is not not even reached the anchor field from the swing high and then it somehow gets rejected and close below all the EMAs again. But there also some of the Sam's names is is really strong like a feed. Also this um is it say a one uh a few more um Oh, this exti too. Definitely there are actions in both directions and there's the market is still indecisive at the moment.

09:18
I'm like still leaning towards the short side for a bit unless the market can prove um like it can broaden his leadership and have more follow through on the upside and Not just a few day bounce and then a huge red candle on the next day. Last Friday's price action intraday price action is so [snorts] volatile is even after midday it is the the volatility is still really high and and the market is just chopping around without going anywhere. Looks like it's going to have a crash down, but it made the higher low and then it trying to um take out the private swing high, intraday swing high level, but then it gets rejected again and get sell off,

11:05
but it closes. It's just picking up again just so choppy on last Friday. Rally scene fastly pulling back your into the EPO free web level. I think it it worth the try. is slow is looking pretty good on the long side, but um there's an earnings. It's Thursday, so probably can't take it. But I'm like too I don't really I don't really don't like the breadth of of this market for the long side. Like the leadership is a bit too narrow or maybe that's the the central rotation is not on the on the tech stocks or the the speculative names. Maybe I'm just going to sit out for today. Just would like to watch how the market would tell me He is holding up pretty well.

15:47
I hope I can build an inside day today. Maybe tomorrow can be alone. I did this starting to lose the 50 EMA, but um Wednesday is the earnings. So going to pass on this one. A lot of the semiis names are building a bull flag after getting a huge run at a pretty short one for this flag. Alex is also building a pretty good flag here, but it's a it's a bit choppy to trade at least for the past three three to four months. But the meta caps is not doing well. Microsoft breaking down from um bare flex and is it's only bouncing back to the 9year maze not even reaching the 21. It is really really weak. Apple is is fine. Let's see whether you can hold or lose it.

18:40
lose the lose the 50 and Amazon is um losing the 9 EMA again and Meta is rejecting on the 21. We go on the 21. A lot of the mega cap names are on a resistance level. The strongest one are the semis. But I'm really like, am I being too skeptical on those bull flag? Because it has been a pretty pretty stretched uptrend without a without a long a long base or a long pullback. It's only pulling back to the weekly nine, not even to the weekly 21 or let alone the 50. And generally even in 2020 like I think a pull back to the 50 or the 21 is um is is more healthy for for sustaining an uptrend. I'm really I don't really have that much confidence on buying this breakout after a long uptrend without a a decent base or a consolidation and the breath is is considerably low.

20:49
The financials the starting to to crap. Golden Silver is trying to move higher and um I going to look for the shorts maybe next week or like like if if it builds a double top or something. Lumin is breaking down today. Fortunate looking down the refin after the EP is just goes is it went all it went straight down and then closed below the weekly 9 and You want really weak Nvidia is attacking the the 194 193 the key level. Um but Wednesday earnings day Y for the I think it's on the 19th of February. It is It is really good. It is really good. hourly. It will be a bit early like or aggressive for the if you're buying on the hourly hourly breakout.

25:37
But if it is or you if you're buying on the breakout of the previous day high, it's will be a little bit difficult to set a tight stop unless you have a like you you use you have used a intraday stop or just a breakout candle stop and it and it works. But generally if you're using those intraday stops you will have a lower success rate. But sometimes if like if you're some entries are are really hard to to have a tight risk with the stop sitting at the low of day. So it's really a tradeoff. But I really like this um undercut of the 21 EMA and reclaim and then and the next day in um inside day and best day for a breakout lab is the strongest satellite stocks.

29:10
a lot of earnings in the in the coming days. It could be the turning point of this market. Wednesday there's a lot Thursday too. Got to be well prepared for the potent possible EPS or just a or a huge gap down. SNK is going to it's going to 700 and possibly alltime high. Oh, we had DS. Oh, it's on the 21 EMA. I wanted to do like a player shorts here, but but today the other some of the the tech names are still pretty strong and then not sure about like will not sure about the bounce is valid or noted and uh I don't have a lot of positive feedback from the shorts from the from the past from the past one to two weeks. So, I'm trying to trying to wait for a day or two.

33:25
Hopefully, it's it's not going to it's not it's not going to fall fall from from here. Starting starting from now. Tesla is losing. Tesla is freaking down. Hen is the first semi names. I mean the the really big one, the big names losing the 9 EMA. doesn't mean anything yet, but uh would be a would be a small Correct. IWM is lacking today compared to the previous weeks. When this is kind of rejecting If the market really turns down, I think tomorrow, maybe tomorrow or or the day after tomorrow will be will be an a good opportunity for for bounce into the declining 9 EMA. But I really want the market to confirm to confirm the the weakness first because that is this is too choppy.

38:06
And then I really don't want to get chopped up. I think the intraday entry is fine but is but the environment is not favorable um for the for the mixed actions and the lack of follow through for both side of the of the trade. No matter you are short or long, there are lots of lots of names there is only having like a few two to three days follow through. So it's a it's like a you have to exit on a after two to three days to get a really really short swing two to three days swing and then you have to sell on sell into the strength or just cover into the weakness and there are lots of like there are some stocks is showing strength and some stocks are so show showing weakness.

40:26
They're really like you can't like only focus on on one side. At least for me sometimes I'm also like reflecting or and evaluate evaluating whether should I only like ignore the other side of the of the market. If I'm only trying to focus maybe on the short side and then I just ignore the stocks that is showing strength and only focuses on the stocks showing weakness. But at this point I I don't think this is a good idea. I still want to like holistic feel of on on of the whole market. Oh, this WDC is rejecting on the angle free web. I believe we'll get a pretty good main refresh long setup on IGV pretty soon. I don't know when,

45:53
but hopefully there there is one. There will be one. and then financials a week. Consumer discretionary Home constructions. It's not pretty quick. Oh, so many of the of the stocks in my ling. Watch this is falling falling really hard today. It feels like a it really feels like a bare market if you're just looking at the laging watch list. And crazy thing is a lot of them are in a downtrend for several months already while the IWM is still above the 50 EMA. Okay. I think today will be a no trade date which is good like uh I really want to reduce my number of trades for this year. So today we just marks one of my one of the day that I didn't make any new trace and I I think I really need to improve my sitting sit out skills.

56:08
for the market. I really wanted to the close close we just stop stop getting back just just pick one direction but hopefully the short the short side because it's like the leader is kind of extended. Uh the indices is also kind of extended without a a deep pullback. I think to the 50 EMA would be uh the optimal one and a healthy one. And if so, I think yeah, tomorrow or the day after tomorrow will be a good I would start looking for the the short opportunities. The video is trying to it's pulling back to the pirate day high is ASML is still above the prior day high. So so strong. So, I really don't see anything here for today and thanks for joining.

59:54
We'll see you in the next in the next one.

