01:05
me. I be I'm Hello guys, good morning. Welcome back. I was sick last week, the whole week. So, uh I was I was not streaming. Yeah, I'm feeling much better today. I slept for I mean 14 hours a day last week when I was really really sick Google is crazy. This thing is serving the 21 Amazing. And the semi starting to reclaim the the 9MA looks decent. I wanted to go a little bit more sideways actually for the whole the general market too. Really wanted to go sideways a little bit. Many stocks are bouncing into the declining 9 2150. 50. gold is building another flag. One, two, three. The fourth one. Now the fourth one since this uh the uptrend from 2024 my my main target,

15:33
main ideas for today would be Rifian and Tesla and Right now the market is really really um I think little bit hesitated. it snaps back into the um the moving averages, but it reclaims the nine still under the 21. So probably it still needs some time to break out from the the previous downtrend, especially the huge selling from the the first day candle. So I really wanted to print a higher lows before another leg up instead of just directly grinds higher from here. which I think has a smaller probability lower probability of doing so. And also many individual stocks are are still kind of loose. I really think it needs more time to to build a longer base,

17:43
a bigger base for a much higher quality breakout on the weekly and on the daily and also I need to be cautious about like the market reversing from here too like I don't think we are completely out of the woods yet. So, still need to be a little bit cautious about that. Don't finish it. Good timing to to be aggressively uh enter into new positions. Am I focus on the stocks above 100 million dollar volume daily And I think the the more the more liquid the stock is, uh the the easier to trade. So the higher the better. Uh, so this is my premarket scanner. So, I'm still using 50 million for this scanner, but um [clears throat] I usually uh would only adding the stocks above 100 million into my watch list,

21:09
so it doesn't really matter. This is for the premarket gappers. And I also use this potent scans. So this one um captures the the big movers, the big gainers um yesterday, the last trading day. The last one will be the leader scan. The leader scan is only um I only use the leader scan in in uh on weekends. So trying to um to see are there any leading leading sectors or any stock that's uh that didn't captured in my previous two scanners. this. Yes, this um these free scanners are included in my trade lines interviews. Um, yes. If I had a small account, I I still use the 100 million volume as the minimum threshold.

23:29
I just it's just my preference like and it's I find it easier to trade and less spread, less slippage and it's my preference. So if you're trading less than this absolutely fine I think I'm probably not doing any trades today. I'm really want to not want to develop my my sit out power. We're trying to learn doing nothing. I've been a weekly of Tesla is absolutely amazing. I'm very excited for the next for the next bull run for Tesla. It's a 4year base since November 2021. It has basically gone sideways. but building higher lows on the weekly and right now it's forming like a 3CP pattern. So the first pullback will be 75%.

30:38
And the second 53%. If you can see this is a pull back to 23% and the most recent one 17%. So I believe Christian has has mentioned that like the best breakouts are from the from a huge base for weeks for years for months. >> [clears throat] >> So the reason why I'm looking looking at Rivian the first reason is the weekly chart. So after the huge ugly reversal candle, Riion found support on the rising weekly EMAs. So the weekly EMA starts turning up and then reference pulls back and then reclaim fastly and it has been going sideways for I think you can say two years and on the daily it reclaims the 50 EMA um before the market correction the pullback and it has been going up for almost 50% in a few days and right now it's it's still near a kind of a range or small face below this gap down and near the um near the EMAs.

34:14
The EMAs are kind of converging and especially on the lower time frame. You can see lower time frame the EMAs are really really close to each other. Really really packed and it's forming higher lows all the time. So for the trades that I took in October, so many of you are very curious about what trades that I took in in October. I think 80% of my of my uh profits in October from the longs uh from the longs in got in in um the 1 of October. So So bought ACL. ACL would be the entry was was this day here. I believe I bought the breakout when it took out the prior one hour bar high and the stop was the day low. So it probably is around 1.5% my stop.

37:16
So here probably here will be is my entry. and then sell some in the strength on this day around 12 1250. So, I sell some right here and then I close the trade on the nine. So, I closed the trade on on this day. The reason I believe I close this trade is I is that uh I feels like the market is a little bit too extended. So I didn't wait for the first close below the nine and then I close the trade. I closed the trade early. on uh at around 12 at around 12 I believe. So this is ACR. Another one would be AMD. And I took this Oops. I took this AMD uh ETF the leverage longs tox. So my entry also on the 1 of October which is the day here and I bought it when it takes out the I think private day high or maybe not.

39:46
I think yeah I think it's the private private day high or the pirate one hour bar high but they're really close. So not much difference. And then I really lucky got the gap up and I close this. And I close it on this day on 10th of Octo of October. So this one is a really really good trade which I didn't expect that. because um this year I I've got I've got several gap downs in my positions instead of the gap ups. I think AMD this one is is the first or the second one that is gapping up when I'm in the stock and it's gapping up really big. It's like 30% premarket. So another one will be as saw the same entry here on the 1 of October and this one I bought it I bought the pullback.

42:13
So, STS um is a gap and fade entry or I call it the handshake entry. So, I bought the pullback after a stock um gaps up uh at the open and then it face right into the anchor free web from the previous swing high. also the previous um uh also this yeah previous highs from the from this base here the small base I'm not sure it's I think I entered at the five minute breakout so it's so I bought it when it breaks out from the five minute candle high which is around um a 2% stop or maybe even less than that. I may I may set the stop at the bar low which is around point 1 1.25%. I'm not sure about that but it definitely less than 2%.

43:35
So you see AS is a has a huge base um around a three month base have a leg up pulls back to the rising nine gap up and then pull back into the anchor VW and also the previous highs and then I bought the five minute candle breakout. Well, and this is a very typical pullback buy um that is working very nice this year and then I um I sell some on this day here and then I think I I closed it also on the 10th of October. I think the 10th of 10th of October is the one which is has a huge huge ugly red candle. So everything is going down on that day. So So I just sell it before uh before waiting for it for the first close. Yeah. also a little bit extended from the 9 EMA 15% above the 9 EMA.

45:03
So I have to give back too much of a profits from here. And also the general market has been going going up for like several several months. And I just think it's not worth it to to trail to trail it with the EMAs and hold it for a longer longer longer period. And then also bought uh RGTI on the 2nd of October which is around here. I believe I bought this um at the opening range highs 30.9 something. So yes, I believe it would be the opening range highs and is a kind of a high tie flex setup and I'm it the quantums are just going crazy um back in September and also the early October. So, I'm just catching the momentum here and don't don't think there's much to mention about this one.

47:01
And then I sell I sell it all um at this day here. I close all of them into the strength So one more is uh this red cat entry on the 2nd of of October again on this day here. So the entry is around 12:30 12. Oh, it's on the third of October. So I enter it on this day. So on this gap up 30 is always also probably a opening range highs. I think right at the market open it it dips and then it quickly reclaims and break out from the open opening ring and then I took it. So I bought it at this day here and it also it's a it's not an ideal entry I I would say. So when I look back, I thought I was entered at the 2nd of October, but I missed this.

48:51
So So I chased it a little bit on this um gap up, but I just treat it as a as a kind of a EP or something. And then it was not it was just like no mediocre trade. It's up at around 20% and then I sell it. I sell some in the strings and then I close it on the 9th around the I think around 15 15. Yeah. And then the last one I want to share would be will be dust. So is the gold miner short ETF. Um, so gold is going parabolic in um in October, the mid October around 20 of of of October. So has been going straight up serving the 9 EMA and going quicker and quicker also on the weekly. So the volume is increasing. It has been going really really extended.

50:56
So therefore, I I decided to take the short on the boat miners ETF. I believe I bought the shorts on the exact top of this move. I've tried uh I I tried my first try would be on also on the same day but it quickly takes me out but after it wicked and then it falls right back and then I took another uh I took another try and the second try was perfect. So I write all the way and then I close it on 24. Oh nope on 28th. I close it on this day. I closed the shorts. So, I think this is one of the um the best trade I've took this year. I kind of really nailed the entry and then I hold it all the way down and yeah, my execution is I think it's is perfect on this trade here.

52:44
I was really really satisfied on with this trade. Um especially I I was looking at this gold short for a long period of time like I track this track the gold all the way up like I I'm trying to short it kind of patiently waiting for the opportunity to come for for the whole month and when But when the opportunity really cames and then I I took it and it successfully played out luckily. There's a tweet from Marios. I think it really really really um highlights the importance of um a setup versus a a more behavioral or fundamental the technical tailwinds. So I I was also focused on uh a good setup I think at the at the earlier stage of my of my journey.

01:00:23
But gradually I I I just discovered that that this the setup is is secondary like when it looks really wonderful on the technical side. Um it's important though but it's not the most important factor. So I think the most important factor would be the it's it's really about the general picture of a stock like general um the big picture of a stock whether the stock is getting momentum or are they are are they building high the uh higher lows? Are they moving fast enough? Um are they trading liquid enough? So I think Rifian is not a really good-looking setup in my opinion, but but this one what would be the first and the main the main focus of uh of this week uh for me at least.

01:01:40
So the big p the big picture is this stock um has been going sideways for weeks and starts to gain some strengths and some buying signs going up 45% in just a few days and then it's trading really liquid and then it find support on the horizon. missing emas. So that's been kind of kind of relative strength compared to other growth names. It's showing certain relative streams. is still holding up the EMAs and compared to the indices it has been going down for the pre uh for the past past month and RIN is at least it's on the uptrend so it's building a higher lows from in the last month. Also Tesla, my Tesla is still under the um the key moving averages,

01:03:50
but on the weekly it looks really good. And the and the structure like the this huge structure is um I really don't know how to explain it But it's it's explosive. So if it successfully break out from this huge base, it has it has so much potential So might I might try to buy some RIN in this pullback to the to the anchor VW web also the 9 EMA on a five minute c uh five minute chart it's not an ordinary entry but worth a But I don't even know what Rifian is is doing recently. Why why it has been going up? What is up? More than 40% in just a few days. I I don't even know the catalyst, but it did go up. That's the most important most important thing that I need to know.

01:08:20
Import is doing pretty good right here. It looks like the general market actions are pretty weak. So I think that's it for today. Market is isn't going anywhere just yet. I think no matter going up or down, we still need a little bit more time and you need to observe what what the stocks are are doing. Yeah, but I'm really really um excited for the next lick up if there's any. So, thank you guys and see you in the next stream.

