01:47
I'm Hello. So, good morning, good afternoon, and good evening. The January was uh pretty pretty tough. Uh, I haven't made a lot of new trades since my last stream. So, that's why I'm not streaming because I think I I've only made four or five trades in the past maybe six or seven trading days. And most of them are just the losses. I only get um this RR I bought it on the Tuesday and then I sold it on Thursday for for a small gain. I think maybe a 10% gain, maybe a decent gain, but it's still a round trip. I gave up maybe twothird of my profits. So, January trading is pretty pretty difficult. up 40% and then two days later down 20% and then closed below the the low of the breakout day and the rest are all the losses.

07:25
Uh I think I've traded um ASD as uh got stopped out and then I traded lemonade on on this gap up day, but it stops me out also two days later. I thought the close is pretty strong and then I think okay may go go for more but and it came back right away. This still the market is very choppy as uh as December very choppy. only a few very few uh stocks uh made a decent move and most of them are just chopping around and even those uh those names that are making moves they are hard to trade like they have a lot of shakeouts you hard it's very hard to find a tight tight risk entry I'm putting a tight tight stop. And sometimes the shakeouts are just just um hunts your stops out and then you're getting stopped out and then it reverses.

09:31
Reverses back to the upside. Yes, I agree like the the first 30 minutes are very hard to trade and then I also observe the the spread is is higher for the first especially for the first 15 minutes after the market open and lots of the the move in the first 15 minutes are are the are the fake outs. The real moves comes comes in maybe 30 minutes after the market open or even an hour after it. Yeah. And a lot of the names are not looking good as uh like after like after December many names are starting to show some weakness especially this this open. I think a lots of a lots of people created this gap up, but I I gapped into the anchor fee web and then eventually f short a pretty good short entry here on uh last Thursday,

12:15
but I think it it's still like yeah, still above the 21 week weekly. So I it's just I just skip it and then but I think my right now will be more we're shifting the focus more to the short side instead of the the long side. unity too like it starting to lose the EMAs. I expect it to like maybe hold above the 50, but it it didn't. And Monday, this reversal is pretty good, too. Although like I need 15 minutes entry could be. Yeah, it could be a short entry with a 15minut breakout or a five minute breakout there. The next day also looks pretty good. Whoa. I keep missing the shorts. The shorts entries. I believe the main reason is uh I got I got stopped out too many times in the in December.

14:37
It really like weakens my confidence and then I need some time to pick it up. So that's that's the um that is spir spiraling effect of uh overtrading like not only you would it would um damage your financial capital al but also your mental capital as well. So the the potential gains that um that you missed out also like count as the part of the loss of overtrading. Uh But I shorted the the gold and silver yesterday on the opening range opening range breakouts. Like that is the I think the the best trades that I've took in January so far. I'm trying to swing these two shorts for a longer longer period because the the weekly is really really extended and I think the there will be a pull back to at least maybe weekly 21 or even the weekly 50 is not a it's not very um unexpected.

16:48
It's very possible although it it seems impossible um from now that it's 30%. And silver is 50% above the 50 EMA on the weekly. That is incredible. I also took the lots on the silver on this on this day on the on Monday. I also shorted this one. It's not a it's not a loss, but it's a break even trade. But uh I also like to swing the shot for a longer period of time, at least the daily 50, I think. But eventually it comes back up and then I'm out for a break even. This is the last last few days for the commodity shorts are are tough like keeps chopping around and then it's this it's really really extended like on the daily like here is 35% above the 50 EMA and also 50% above the 150 EMA.

18:21
Then most of the moves from the past decades are not that extended. The one that the one that is really extended is at the 19 1979. But the chart is like I can't I can't really see the charts there, but you can just barely like it's 70% above the 50 EMA. But apart from that, like most of the extended moves are not that extended like only 16% and 26%. compared to the moves uh the move we're having now. I'm probably going to cover some today before the weekend, but I'm going to swing most like more than half. Yeah, majority m majority of my of the shorts hopefully to the 50-day hopefully. So, my plan for next week is not going to lock log in not going to lock in my um broc account until it hit the 50day.

20:09
Then I'm then I'm just then I can click the sell uh the buy button like the the volatility is too high like it can like yesterday it almost comes back like it almost like shakes me out. The first the the second and the third hour is like it's it's very strong like it has a really strong bounce and it also reclaimed the anchor free midday which is not a which which is not good but yeah I I just I just held OL and this and SMR is my one of the dots um target short candid candidate Maybe not today, but I think the weekly especially SMR looks pretty bad. So any any bounce um today 21 and the 9 EMA will be a very good short. So,

22:36
I think it's like [snorts] the 50 EMA on the 1 hour chart. Yeah. Nvidia is strong. Nvidia is is holding the angle fee from the swing low swing high and it closes very strong very strong close very strongly and but the general market is is is pretty weak. So, I'm just going to follow the like focus more on the short die and maybe like shorting the rebound to the declining nine for IWM. like I'm I'm not shorting IWM, but finding some short entries when the IWM is bouncing into the declining line, but it's a bit aggressive. So, uh I don't know. like I believe any bounce into the declining maybe 21 on the hourly hourly chart for for gold and silver is a potential short opportunity.

25:25
Especially near the previous lows area like for silver will be like around 106ish or even maybe the 50 year make crosses the 150 I really believe this these kind of opportunities are maybe once in a decade especially for gold and silver which is um two of the most popular the largest commodities that can traded. Very [snorts] very rarely you will see you'll see this kind of a parabolic move. I think go the market cap for gold is 30 30 trillion for it. But this market cap you have to and it and it's going up for almost 30% in in just two to three two to three weeks. Uh it's it's pretty insane. SND K40 I think also also pretty close.

28:33
I think we're maybe I'm not sure about today, but let's see. Can the can it face we get a intraday entry for the day for the shots? Okay, just give it a try. Could be Lum Lumen is one of the names that really really interest me. I love this base the cup of handle also a bouncing into the freeway. So it's a like break and retest. Now it's holding up very well but the earnings is coming up in two days. I'm probably not trading this SMR 5 minute breakouts to the downside. Hopefully it can it can go a little bit go up a little bit to maybe 1920. present DK. Maybe not today. Maybe. Yeah, but I really think there is those very close to the the top.

37:33
go below the anchor free web for SNTK with another try. Hopefully I can pull back to the egg of B. Hopefully the second drive. He SMR starting to pull back to the EMAs. really look forward to any reversal from here. Oh, this MSTR I Oh, Wednesday is a it's a wonderful day for for shots and then It it it is it was it was going a little bit too fast and then I just skip it. I'm just missing the five minute breakdown and on Wednesday I think the R hour is pretty Oh, it's Tuesday. Yeah, I'm not that confident on the on the short side. So, and then just skip it. And yesterday has huge follow through. kills are still holding the nine.

44:12
I think it may we need a little bit more time or like similar to to what to what market did in the past two months like they can just chop around. no significant trend. Um, yeah, I don't know, but I think this this SMR is is a really good one. I I'm I would trade this one. Oh, dash is a pretty good one, too. But it's too slow. Little bit too slow. and IWM starting to show relative weakness since last week and this is not a not a good sign for the market breath but generally before a deep market correction The market breath um tends tends to decline before the before the correction. So I'm not wait for the breakdown and then I think this is this is good good enough for for the entry If it stops me out today,

47:32
I'm probably going to like to take another another try. If it maybe goes to 1940ish over overshoots the EMA a bit is also pretty good. I'm using a smaller sizing for Oklo this one because the weekly looks it is stronger than SMR and then I don't want to take too much risk on this on the new trace as I've as I've already got stopped out uh on SNDK once. Looks like gold and silver are getting rejected pretty heavily. I I don't like that. I like prefer to go a sideways for maybe two to three candles before another leg down. But if it's going really extended to the downside, like if it's going to the 21 EMA for today, then I'm then I probably need to sell more.

52:29
I'm probably need to maybe sell more than half of the position. I'm sorry. I'm going to buy like cover the shots. But the best scenario is just like riding the EMAs down. Knock that not on a 90 90 degree angle. actually for gold yesterday. We retested the angle free web but actually the free web on the daily on intraday charts from the open tested twice. Really good intraday entry before they flush down. And also if you consider shorting the breakdown on this candle here is would be also really nice. the stop is really tight and then I use I risk uh more than.5% on on these two shorts because I have very high conviction in in this two in this in this tradabolic opportunities like in They're coming maybe 5 to 10 years for for gold and silver specifically.

55:50
It just once in once in a decade or even once in several decades the volume is so gigantic enorous volume and it's starting to speed up. And then this is the first like the first fake um the freak the fake breakdowns for silver which makes the real flush like the second breakdown or this the third maybe like in a in a parallel universe the more like makes the the the later the later entries better like the these things can't go go up forever especially for market cap or uh a 30 30 something trillion market cap. 35 or 33 Allow it just simply pulls back to the 9 and then 21 declining 9 and 21 and the moving averages are cluster clust very cluster very tight on the weekly too.

57:55
the weekly the 9 is um below just crosses below the 21 and yesterday's reversal just shows the selling the selling volume it gets rejected from the 50day Okay. I don't know but but a better one would be the 50 is below the 150. It would be more ideal. Uh anyway, still a very good very good setup of at least I can manage my risk very tight here and uh and I have some cushions from the the gold and silver shorts. So then I can gradually starting to be a more be a bit more aggressive. So that's why I prefer SMR more than OLO like the 50 is below the 150 and the weekly chart is weekly chart too like EMAs are trending I'm probably moving my stop to maybe forgiven.

01:00:27
Um, wait. No, I'm just keeping it here. Yeah, I really don't I'm really like flexible for my cell rules and it um that also is hugely depends on the the market the market involvement. So right now it's still if this is say if there's an correction uh coming in the short in the short in the short um future then I'm going to like hold the the shots for hold the shots longer maybe riding. Yeah, I don't have a target now. I don't know. But if I'm shorting like if I'm shorting right right here for the for the correction last year, then I'll be taking the profits more aggressively. Maybe just covering into the gap down when it accelerates.

01:03:32
I but I love um covering the shots into the the weakness like if it's going if it's going down fast. So if it is a pretty extended maybe maybe around here like extended from the daily um hourly EMAs then um I I would love I would love to cover in these areas rather than the bounce like rather than covering into strength. So, I'm I think I'm probably like sell all in in the first in the first gap down candle here, maybe. Oh, but this day is a earnings. It's an earnings day. So, I So, the faster it it it goes down that the more I'll cover and I don't know. I feel pretty pretty confident for for the shots they have taken today.

01:04:58
I I think the market could have a maybe 10% correction maybe. I I don't know. I don't know more. I don't want to be too bearish. Still, there are a lot of stocks um holding up pretty well, but most of them are are extended. like they don't really have a have a have a long base. They just keep riding the EMAs up. Incredible. I do think we need to have a deeper correction, but for for those stocks to build a to build a longer face. Heat. Um I don't I don't I don't like the the yesterday's candle, but if you're shorting near the 21 EMA, then I think yeah, That's this not a good not a good not a good trade but like a fair a fair one.

01:07:31
And it's too slow. I think it's a bit too slow or or maybe not. I don't know. And yeah, it's it's also very close to the weekly 9 and 21. But given the current environment like um the semis are are they starting to to lose the steam I don't know I would choose like if I help outs in. Yeah, but I don't like shorting the the strongest sector. Although although Broadcom is this is is the weaker one. is a lag guard in the sector, but I don't like shorting the strongest sector in the market right now. But it looks weak. Yeah, but it's a it's a fair one. It's It's okay, I think. How much time took me to be profitable? I would say two two years or three years because I I actually never never had a had a had a down year since 2020 like because I tripled my account in the very early very early in in the first four months after I opened the the brok create your account and then and then I have a 50% draw down in 2021.

01:10:31
But I believe the first two months or the for the or January 2021 I made more than 50%. So overall 20 the overall 2021 I I'm it's still a green year but I'm I definitely not consider myself as profitable by then. So I think is it it takes two to three years for me and But I think the time doesn't really matter. It really depends on like how much time you you have um devoted to to trading and also like your kind of your personality how how quick you're going to learn from the mistakes and And no, I don't have a daily loss limits of losing trace, but I think uh I I don't think I'm a good I'm I'm good at like controlling my loss.

01:12:39
So I don't know maybe if I think three three to five losing trades per for for one trading day is is is a good limit. But generally when a environment is really good you you won't have more than three I don't think yeah I think generally you won't have more than three or or five losing trades in one trading Okay. The cipher started to lose the EMAs and the anchor VW web. Wolf pretty wolf is pretty weak too. Not a good sign. What is this? This is called wealth. I don't know. And Fitia is really strong. Amazon too. I really I really believe the the semis and the and the memory names need to have have a have a longer longer base have a longer consolidation after this huge run.

01:17:14
Yeah, talking taking too many small losses. Um I also I also I've also facing this pro this problem too. The best advice that I can then give you would be um sometimes I focus too much on the on the charts on on the pattern on the on the candlestick like on the on the chart patterns. But I believe um I believe the market environment contributes more than half of more than half of a of a trade. Like a successful trade that really needs to really needs the market environment to cooperate. So really good-looking setup or really good-looking chart patterns is not adequate or it's not the it's not the major factor that that you should consider when you're entering a stock.

01:18:54
So like um if I I'm getting more and more stocked into the into the lagging watch list, I I will be very cautious but sometimes I'll be too cautious so that I'm taking like I'm doing doing the shorts too aggressively like I'm shorting too early too aggressive for for uh doing the short But the market environment really does doesn't matter. That's why the long um most of my long trades didn't work very well in the past two months. Like it's very it's it's easier to to be said than done. like it's sometimes you just can't you just can't you just couldn't resist. You you just you just click the bite button because because there's like the the pattern looks the chart looks so great.

01:20:27
And if you're getting stopped up very frequently, like maybe the from your past 10 trades, the past 10 entries, maybe eight of them failed or even 10 of them failed, then then your your own trade feedbacks is is more accurate than any other indicator. So generally if you are facing a a consecutive losses then there's probably not the not the time to be to keep pushing. Um, I think back then I didn't like study 10 hours every day, but I did like spend a lot of time. I can't recall but because I I'm really really um like interested in trading and trying to learn the new knowledge like to to to study the charts and then listening listening to the to the podcast reading trading books like doing all the stud study stuffs because I'm very new to trading.

01:22:16
I I don't I don't know much. And now I still don't know much. But um but back then is I'm uh I really think that trading is really really fun. And then I got faster. I got fascinated and and fully immersed in in trading every day. Like even when I'm attending the lectures, I'm I'm I'm reading I'm reading a trading books or just scrolling the charts, scrolling. Are there any opportunities for for the next trading day? I think um I did spend a lot of time but the most important thing I think is you have to be really really passionate. You can really feel the fun when you are studying, not when you are trading like when you when when you are clicking the buttons in the market hours when the market is My favorite trading book.

01:24:10
I really love reading the how I make $2 million in in the stock market by Nicholas Dis. I think that's one of the one of my favorites. Also the reminiscences of a stock operator like the Jess Livermore that one and I also I also like the mark min the first book like a stock market visit the first one and Recently I read a book that is not very trading related. It's called like peak performance by um Brad Stewberg and Steve Magnus. I I I think I wish I pronounced them right. um peak performance. So, they're talking about how to how to keep um playing your game at a at a high level. I think it's really it's not very trading related but it's um it's it's very beneficial for you to like um for the mental they have the also the the mental side and um psychological Right.

01:26:40
Yes, I definitely will feel will feel upset when I'm in a down swing. But the more down swing you you have experience, the the less upset that you will be. is um like every feeling um of different experience like the the feeling would be like marginally diminished and also the feeling of winning too when you have when you have a really good run, really good month. the first time like when I've like tripled my account right after I um opened my account uh my account and then I was like was super super happy. But right now I like I'm having a like may last year I did a 900%. 900% year. I'm I think I'm feeling less happier.

01:28:17
I'm feeling less happier than what I felt in four four years four years ago. And I believe it's really normal and as a trader you don't want to be too emotional um for your gain and losses. Just a little bit is is the optimal one. I do play video games, PC games, and I do running. I play poker and also love reading, too. I was starting to learn guitar, but I don't know whether it would how long it would last. Like two years ago, I bought a new guitar and then I learned I learned it for maybe three months and then I give up. Recently, I wanted to pick up this habit. Hopefully hopefully I can I can make some progress. Um acoustic acoustic.

01:30:16
I play online poker. Yeah, I do play online poker but uh less frequently. less frequently now. Actually, not I I haven't played poker online poker for a long time, but uh I think I really played a lot when I two or three years ago, especially when I'm um studying in in Germany when I'm on on an exchange. Well, thanks for joining this stream and I think tomorrow Richard will release the um the interview. Hope hopefully you can find some valuable insights from from it. And I don't think I don't think that next week I'm probably not going to trade. I'm very actively. Yeah. But I don't know. Maybe, maybe, maybe not.

01:32:17
Maybe. So, hopefully I can hold my golden silver short um um till till they till they touch the the 50 day. Did they return return back to their home? So, thanks for joining and see you in the next one.

