00:50
I'm Heat. Heat. Good Morning. Morning, guys. I'm sorry there was a little bit late. Let me finish the scan first. Um, are you guys feeling bullish or bearish today? All right. Oh, yesterday is so unfortunate. I got stopped out of my Rian and then first solar pushed up lots and I couldn't find an entry because it's hard to it's hard to buy the reversals from here. It's not near the EMAs or any um clear supports area. Not my type of entry. And then it push higher. Also, SNDK too. Been an entry yesterday, but yeah, I didn't take it. I was trading pretty bad. Lumen. Yes, it's on the inside. Okay. I want to see a little bit more sideways maybe.

09:10
I I do agree. It could be Could be an entry. So hot is also refersing and lows at near the high of the day. Didn't expect the bounce will be that strong like the cues is straight bounce from the 21 EMA. Really didn't expect that. Okay. Um, what wolf on the opening range high? Let's see. And crypto is also looking um not that bearish. If if they can hold above the nine year maybe for a few days one or two maybe then it could bounce back to maybe 50 EMA or even higher. Oh, I really love yesterday's reversal. Let me try to buy SNK here. That's looking so nice. I already have a pretty pretty huge position on the SL, so I'm not going to add more.

13:58
That's look looks so good. This flag looks so good. Cypher also have a pretty decent reversal yesterday. Undercut the anchor web. Um haven't reached the 50 EMA but still closed very strong yesterday. an AMD yesterday too. It looks so bearish um during the midday, but it reclaim and then close it at at the high of of yesterday. And this candle is Oh. represents so many strengths, so many buyers stepping in. And the weekly is pretty solid, too. So right now it's under the pressure of the 150 EMA on the hourly and also um the 21 EMA on the daily. I'm not sure whether um I could buy right at this breakout on the of the previous day high.

16:07
>> I'm not sure. One is also flecking pretty nicely too. UPS is the strongest among all compared to LGTI and OQ. INQ is also buyable because it's still uh above the 9 and 21. GBTS is the strongest. Um, so many stocks that is setting up so nicely. The flagging um shake out um from the from the EMAs under custom reclaims. The COS kit also looks pretty good. Oh, I wish it can go sideways for one to two days. I may try to find an entry on SNDK if it pulls back deeper. Maybe even to the uh hourly 50 or the anchor free also near the hourly 21. Right now I'm really focusing on find the reversals pull back on and on on the rising EMAs and then the reversal.

22:16
Oh, OMDS could could be also a reversal buy back and then five minute breakouts on the previous candle. I cipher AMD is reversing um pull pull back from the daily 21. So still not um ready still not ready for going higher maybe even going over. The NW is pretty stretched a little bit extended from the 9 EMA. So a pullback is likely, but um I think the long side has a has a more has more potential to play especially the indices is still un uh above the EMAs. March is still facing some pressure and especially for the Q is the weakest among Oh, Wow. What? This Rivian what? I cannot believe that. I I I can't believe that.

28:33
What? popped out from wolf. I'm feeling like market wants to um needs a little bit more time for another leg up. And a lot of these bases would look um even better if it just go sideways for a few days or maybe two to three weeks. Yeah, the reion is Oh. Oh, wow. Yeah, the shake out is too too deep and I can't I can't let the trade to go back to back um break even. I I don't I I I can't accept the the draw down then today just go straight up after the open. I'm considering buying wolf or we buying and set a stop at the low of of this five minute breakout candle. Yeah, Riion, that's part of the game. Like, there must be some trades that makes you frustrated and you can't even get back in yet today.

38:00
I I don't think today opening ch is is that buyable because it's still under all the emas at the open. Yeah, it's don't think like no, no one expected to go up 16%. After the open. No [ __ ] way. This is Oh, brutal. Oh my god. So path I'm going to use the first close below the 9 EMA as as my stop. Yeah, Joby looks good. I think uh I want to I wanted it to go a little bit more sideways to let the um 921 to be above the 50 and buy the first pullback if there's any because right now I uh is a little bit I think It's a little bit it may like the left side the base is much bigger than the than the right side for now. I would expect there is uh there's quite a lot of like selling pressure if the stock is going up to maybe 16 17 like I want I want the right side of the base would uh at least um a little bit longer or a larger base compared to the left side.

41:28
So, it won't be um it won't be straight up from here. I think it it will be a it will be a lower probability um scenario. So maybe is like a similar situation would be would be this base here. So the right side the right side of the base. Um so this this gap up day um I would I won't feel is it's 100% ready for um getting a getting a newer uh newer alltime highs or breakouts from this previous high directly from here because at the right side of the base is not uh big enough for long enough to consolidate the the sudden pressure of the left side. I'm not saying it's uh impossible or a stock can never break out or go straight up from here,

42:51
but in my opinion, I think it better. and uh and and yeah and entries that can gives you an edge is when the right side of the basis is is ready. So similar. So now it's looking much better for this breakout candle after maybe two or three weeks. compared to this uh only a small base. It's more a a small pull back a sharp pull back. I really wanted to um maybe it can go up for two to three days and then have a pullback for a week and then setting up for a next uh for next uh move higher. it will be more ideal uh in my opinion. Yeah, I love the I love the the chat the coffee the coffee chat with JLo and Clement and we talk a lot and then there will be an interview in Cantonese uh in the in next year I think maybe Jan January or February.

45:03
SNDK is pulling back uh much deeper than I expected. So, so that's partly the reason why I don't um directly buy the dip. Uh, so I wanted to I want to buy the breakout after the dip because sometimes if you're just um maybe buying at the at the rising EMAs, you don't know whether it can get support or not. It is easier to uh manage the risk and and uh set your stop when you're buying the breakout of a pullback. The thing is starting to look a little bit ugly for now. Broadcom is skipping down and heading towards the 50 EMA. Um, the semies are going down today. Um, I don't have a stream schedule. Um, I would I would stream when I feel ready or comfortable doing doing so.

49:38
So, I really don't have a schedule. I don't want her to um to stream like a uh like doing a 9 to 5 Help. I really want to take more new positions today, but um all this NDS I really wanted to limit my draw downs because I've uh the win rate of my new of my new positions is pretty low. Um during this during during last week and also this week and I wanted to see more confection and more clear directional uh among different stocks, different sectors uh in the markets right now. It's a little bit polarized. Some are really looking good, but some are really looking Oh, bad. In this market, you have to be really good at this uh this lock stock selection.

52:24
So the XYZ is going straight up and this is the the third consecutive gap up. up 100% from the lows. But right now I think in 90% of the time it needs to pull back. Needs to wait for the 9A to catch up. And then build a and build the right side of the base. So sometimes when it's when stocks are going straight up um it is mostly because uh I think one it is going in the uh in alltime high so it's breaking out into into the no man's land and also the second scenario would be something like like this when the left side of the base when they when it uh when it crash down is also pretty fast and pretty brutal the hardly hardly there is any base for this left side uh this crash.

54:23
So on the other hand when it's going up then the sudden pressure would not be that uh would not be that huge. So it's easier for a lockout to rally or just a going parabolic. But in this case, I don't think I don't think the this XYZ can go like similar similar um the slope of this of this uptrend. I think there's a larger probability of pulling back and go sideways rather than just going straight ONDS is holding up pretty well compared to the market. No, I don't watch the market until the close. I generally um leave it. I mean, close the close the screen. I'm off the table at 1:00 a.m. in Hong Kong time. So, it's around I think I think also 1:00 a.m.

56:49
in US time. I mean 1 p.m. Oh, sorry. 1 p.m. in US time. Oh, yes. US is looking solid. Um, Right now, a lot of stocks is this weekly is looking is looking like US. They pull back to the 21 on the weekly and then now it's near the 9 EMA and the weekly is on a strong uptrend. There is there are a lot of stocks that they're looking similar on the weekly chart. I think USC needs a need needs a little bit more time. I think if you try to buy this pullback um on this pullback to the 21 uh in the hourly also the previous high is also acceptable I would say but yeah Not not not the best pullback, but but you never have a 5m minute breakout intraday.

01:00:02
The puff is pretty weak. um this week. Yeah. When this looks Oh, technically it looks so good. I'm a little bit skeptical about the current markets. I don't want to risk too much. It looks so good. I agree. And if you're buying um at the breakout of the previous day high, it's wonderful. Yeah, I think one of the um one of the opportunities that I missed um this year is this gold and silver the commodities run. I I really thinking about buying silver back in this space, but um I think the weekly chart I prefer I prefer it to go one one more a little bit more sideways, maybe one more week, but it didn't and then it took off.

01:03:01
and and and commodities is uh a little bit more difficult to ch to trade, more choppy. So yeah, so I missed those commodities big runs. One day I would I would um come back and then study this this commodity run. The market is pretty weak right now. This open is looking so bad. It's flagging, but it's looking down. Look, it's looking it's trying to break break down on the break down to 150 EMA. It's under the 9 on the weekly for the second week. And that's the Oh, that's the pullback. back. But right now it's the most difficult environment for me like a trend following style of uh trader. So now it's like going up for one thing and then going down go down for go up go down go up go down.

01:09:59
No direction at the moment. But it kind of feels like the short side is is easier to play Actually, Things are starting to looks Still there are a lot of stocks um above the 9 EMA. I don't like the the actions. Please. I'm feeling like the this market wants to go go further down. This reversal of CIFR is store. If it close below this 9 EMA think the market wants to wants wants to go down. Furthermore, I'm going to close my Tesla if it fills this gap. Not feeling comfortable holding my locks. This refers to Okay, I close my Tesla position. Um, I'm going to set it to I don't know whether I'm selling right or not, but if it that's up for another um for another another breakout.

01:22:33
I'm I I will be there. I will find a I will find a way to bite H YMC. Oh, this is too quit and It's looking pretty clean. You can see a breakout from here. Also a pullback from here and a breakout from uh on this on this breakout on previous day high. But right now it's a it's is extended I'm going to sell my path. So yes, this mark is actually very difficult for my style. Yes, for the path I may be wrong and also Tesla too. I'm just uh I don't want to risk for for the close below the um below the nine because I think the market is too weak um for now. Then if I can't watch the close then I I may need to suffer for a larger draw down and also one part is um the new the new positions the new long positions is not working.

01:29:24
So I'm a little bit um worried about the Tesla and profit would also holding up espec also the market too really feel a little bit bearish. I think the shorts has um have more follow through than the longs in the past two weeks. I'm going to take some shots. So Ryder rejects from the 50 is there also. US is also under all the EMAs. This NRG is how how can you trade this stock? How? Buy low, sell high. Buy low, sell high. Maybe uh this net is also rejects from the 50. This course is similar but still above the nine. So a little bit better. Crowd is falling and PM rejects twice from the 50 day uh 50 EMA. and that PS2 under all the EMAs get rejected from the 50.

01:34:40
And good yesterday's breakdown is kind of the change of character is close under all the EMAs. So we're in a gap down um not filling the gap. I I don't like it. I don't feel I don't feel like very bullish. I'm very comfortable in taking longs. Especially when my new long positions are not working and it market is telling you something. I don't have much cushion so I'm not going to be very aggressive on the shorts today but I think the main focus would be will become playing the short side um at least for the coming one to two days if the market is um is staying weak and especially for the cues if cues is still staying under the the 9A Then I'll be leaning towards the short side or at least not doing the long side.

01:36:36
I think cash is also staying um cash is also pos also a position staying cash is absolutely fine. Um, it's so sad that I didn't take this AMD short. This is so sad. Yeah, I think the market starts looking pretty weak and the actions are looking ugly. So we need so this is very interesting when I um doing the scans and trying to prepare the ideas in pre-market I'm leaning towards the long side but we have to be open-minded and then especially um there are lots of stocks that is looking that the leg the the leg guards and also a lot of stuff that's that is uh under the EMAs. So, we really need to be um open-minded and prepare for the worst case scenarios.

01:39:11
When this things turns around, you have to be you have to react quickly. Hey, Yeah. So, I think that's it for today. the markets is reversing pretty hard and then um I don't think it's time to be very aggressive in the long side. I think the short side too. I don't think we have to be very bearish for now as the market is still above the the EMAs. But wish you guys a happy weekend. And then um and cut cut your losses quick. Don't be a backholder and even F raing down. Don't do that. Stay safe. Stay safe. Thank you guys. Have a happy weekend.

