00:32
What can I do? Heat. Heat. What's happen? I'mma Hello. Hello everyone. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening. Um, okay. Thanks, So market is ging up higher today, but I'm um not feeling really excited about it because like um arc now it's still under nine EMA and also the series the SM and so XX is still under the nine. It also closed below the 21 which I don't like it. So hourly the EMA starts trending down and starts um the 21 cross below the 50. So generally when the indices um tries to climb higher, those tech related names may face some pressure when they try to um climb above these declining moving averages.

04:59
This and cryptos looks very weak. Looks like they want to go lower. Oh. I will be looking for crypto shots. I think solar despite the fact that uh Friday the 1st so it's pretty hot but today is now gapping of all the EMAs, one of the strong sectors right now. So right now I think the satellite or the aerospace theme is one of the leading theme and then Um also the wheat stocks um have a good move last Friday. Oh, I hate I hate this reversals. I really want to be bullish, but I don't those these reversals are looking so bad. And I'm if you ask me now, I am very regret that I sell Tesla last Friday. But um it is what it is.

11:34
And of course I'm now um I'm not I'm not frustrated but just um I don't like the gap up of Tesla today. I'm feeling feeling is it's trying to break out today. Uh but yeah, I still made a lot of mistakes. So I I also need to improve a lot, I think. And Let's see. Maybe maybe a pullback short. Maybe one time two. One time two. I don't know. Wow, this RPT gap down by 70%. I think these examples are always um reminding us like the the gap down risk is really really an important part of the of of trading. So especially for the small caps and the micro caps the gap down for more than 30% is is quite common. So for for stocks less than I think two billion market cap I I will be using a smaller position size and also um I take progress uh profits a little bit more aggressively or you can just avoid trading.

16:10
those crappy names. Well, this these refers are nasty. And the volatility starts like biking higher. The range of the candles is pretty wide since since last last Wednesday. What? What is this? Oh, is it? It's a buck. Okay. I don't know. I really like IBM. I really like how is how is behaving and performing the past few months. If I'm investor, I'm I'm going to this this may be my the top three top three positions if I made investor. I mean a long-term investor, but it's too it's too slow for for traders. It's too slow. I also like IBM's story like the quantums and AI and how I think like he's transforming from a a very traditional tech giants from a more way a more innovative and may become the next next leaders,

22:06
one of the leaders of the AI revolutions Maybe. The weekly of hymns is looking so bad. Looking at looks like it's going to enter stage three. I mean stage four. Huge huge topping topping. Uh uh what's that called? Triple top. Quadruple top. I don't know. You you guys can see there are so many lean breakdowns. They're rejecting from the EMAs and then close very very quickly almost near the low of the day. So if I'm Yeah. Um rather than selling Tesla, I'm more frustrated um by not taking the shorts. Maybe I need to start practice um having both long and short position at the same time. Like those those rejections are so clean and there are lots of them and they have a lot of follow through.

25:39
Oh, I cannot believe micro strategy is going further down. How is that possible? Ry is also a potential short idea, but it can also be a long idea if we and goes sideways and then hold above the nine for a few days. But now it's is a short idea for me because it's staying under the 9 and 21 for the second week close below the 9 and 21 for the second week. And those wicks the rejection on uh on the nine is is clean. It's selling there. There is definitely some selling around those areas. This AE will will be will be a very profitable short. If if the market stays weak, I'm going to short any any any bounce or what is be if the market is stays weak.

28:46
Oh my god, this these red candles are so so nasty. Valentia is surprisingly holding up very Help. Okay. Centi case. It's ready. SNK for the bounce on the 21 and the nine. Hopefully going to 18 to 19 area on the on the 21 or 50 hopefully Okay. Oh my god, I'm I'm muted. I'm sorry, guys. Ah, I'm talking to myself for like 20 minutes. What? Oh. Oh, [ __ ] I keep I talk a lot. Uh yeah, but 50% of that is um complaining that I I can't get a short of of the cryptos crypto names. So it's fine. Nothing nothing valuable. Yeah, today is pretty also is pretty pretty weak and and now everything is going down. So, I'm not going to shoot them from here.

45:44
also is I don't have um profit cushions from my newly open short positions. So maybe it's a it's good for missing those crypto shorts. Maybe they going to come back one hour or three hours later. Yeah, why did I sell my Tesla? What can I say? Panic cell, right? other than panic. So I think another reason is um um I don't like the reversals. I don't like that many strong reversals um of other stocks. they're rejecting from the from the resistance, the declining EMAs or the previous swing highs or swing lows. And actually lots of them that that the EMAs are starting to trend down and the nine is under the 21 and the 21 is under the 50 which is not favorable.

47:22
which is not bullish and I'm yeah I'm not and I'm not good at um trading both long and short position at the same time. I I tried it uh earlier this year but it's not working well. So I try to avoid it and then I sell Tesla. Oh, this Tesla. Yeah, most of the most of my ideas are working pretty well, but I'm not getting in I want to get in maybe three or four, but yeah, I think two position is is is decent also. and ARC is rejecting fading from the declining EMAs in a one hour chart also on the daily too. Yes, I I do I do deep dives to learn the setups, learn um the entries and exits and the and how stocks um reacts to the to the EMAs or how how long they're going to base etc.

50:11
So I basically just um maybe for example I traded uh NQ today and then I will I will start looking at scrolling all all to the left and for example if I'm I will I will Um so my approach will be if I'm trading in hindsight so where is my potential entries or are there any um the first thing that I uh look at would be the setups like the um the tight range or like really really really test book setups, but actually there are there aren't a lot of those um testbook perfect setups for the five star, the A+ the really really good one. They they're very rare and I I would I would recommend um don't only focus on the perfect setups.

51:51
You can also try to um experiment or explore like the other potential lowrisk entry points. So for example with this IO NQ if you're trading a there there is no like um the five star setups here I think if you're buying buying on this day on this um I think it's EP yeah this day say earnings day so if you're buying this breakout Um either you're buying at the opening range high it may work but yeah it it may work it get the one hour chart. Yeah. So if I'm trading it in hindsight, I think the best entry would be the breakout of the previous one hour bar. So right here or around 1.7% stop or the opening range highs, one minute opening range highs or the five minute,

53:16
I don't know. But yeah, I can't zoom in for the five minute or and the one minute. I think one hour breakout for of the previous bar high is a pretty good one for this example. All right. So if you study for 10, 50, 100, 500 examples, then you can have a feel or you you you can actually have a um have a data for which entry headex is the best. you can use the one hour breakouts or the 15 minute breakouts or um the pullback on the on the 21 EMA in one hour chart. So if you have 500 500 examples then you can find out which one um is standing out. So um if you're buying at uh at the previous day high then it will be a 8% stop which I I don't I don't prefer.

54:45
I'm not saying um it can't work or setting a Y stops is not okay but um that's just not my style. So, and I I do think have setting a tight stop has has its own edge. Of course, has this disadvantage too. But yeah, you have to develop your own style. And then um after this um after this leg higher and then there's a strong downtrend and you can observe when is the possible short um short spots or entries. during this downtrend and you can see the LNQ is reacts to the EMAs pretty pretty clean during this downtrend. Um especially I think the best um you can see this rejection from the EMA 9 and then starts breaking down under the 21 and then bounce back to the 21 and the nines and then gets uh gets rejected and lose the 50 and bounce back to the 9 21 and 50 and then gets rejected for several times and then goes lower and we're strong maybe 30% or 40% The same move.

56:50
And right here you can see another downtrend. It bounced back to the 50 when the EMAs is trending down. 9 is under 21. 21 is under 50 and it bounce back to the 50 then directly gets rejected. But this one is a little bit harder to trade because this there's a gap down for for the next day. I think it's here. Yeah, this is a little bit harder even in hindsight. So the best the best I think yeah the entry should be should be this bar. Maybe the opening range lows after the gap down. Yeah, probably the opening range lows after the gap down. So if you study several um several hundreds examples then you can develop like a sense oh is this gap down shortable or not or should I wait for um the gap down or not?

58:40
And generally from from from my experience this type of gap down is is is shortable but uh the win rate is compared to Um compared to these these ranges, um a one day bounce is uh have is will have a will have a lower win rate. Then a maybe three to four days or maybe even more more days of uh cons of a small base or a flag before getting rejected or keeps getting rejected from the EMA. This is just a one day one day bounce but I but it's still tradable. The bucket is all fading pretty hard today. Yes, I do go back to look at the I normally go back look at the one hour only because 15 minutes I have to scroll back. I I'm not sure whether they are available.

01:00:20
If you are studying it's 15 minute got back in 2020. Let's go back to 2020. Yeah, not available. And then you have to go go back. So really really really back really really far far back. But generally study um the one hour charts only. But sometimes for um uh if IQ just pops up in my uh watch list um last last month and then there that there is a say I want to go back to study this entry on on September then I may go back to the 15 minute like to go back to this lower time frame if the yeah if if it's not that Far far away. Oh no, I have I missed this this pullback short and I hesitated. that at this candle because I want wanted to go a little bit more like it touched the non EMA but it never did.

01:02:25
Oh, then it goes right down. No 4 hour. I don't look at 4 hour chart. Yes, I don't look at 4hour chart but but you can if you want to study 4hour go ahead why not like as I said like 90% of the questions there's no model answer there's no black and white answers or or wrong or right or wrong. You can have your own approach or your own style. But risk management is It's is so so important like you have to manage your risk. That's there's no second answer. Octo 9th of September. Yeah. Um for Oaklo this one um the special part is is um under it's under 9 and 21 although and they are really really tight really really packed close to each other.

01:05:02
low. So it definitely has a lower win rate than a breakout above all the EMAs. If these two candles is above the 9 and 21, this is a fivestar setup. I think Christian would would comment it as a five star, I think. I don't know. But it's under the EMA, so it's not that perfect. But I really like this um um um um inside day and also the the two touch um the two reversals from the 50 day and um I'm not sure but if you go back to September um are there any relative strengths for Oko? I don't think so. But I uh but yeah, I do like and also the weekly too. I think the weekly looks so good. You can see there's a flag for five to six weeks holding up the surfing nine and it's setting up together with the quantums I believe.

01:06:32
Yes, it's one times weekly is looking perfect inside week if I think you can see can is a up with handle or FCP or just a bull flag or anything that you would like to call but it just looks bullish and it's serving the nine weekly perfectly. Okay. And now you can also see the quantums they losing the 9 and 21 then bounce back to the nine and gets rejected. So the price action on the daily may also works in the weekly too and 1 hour CSTL right now. I don't feel I don't want to I don't want to take the long setups and and buying it buying from here is a little bit risky especially in this environment. If the market is super strong like it's a very very strong super bullish market then if you're buying buying at the breakouts of the previous day high then it it is a possible entry but um not not this not this Okay.

01:09:47
the crypto bounce back to the 21 and then starts failing. I I expect it to bounce to the 50. But it didn't it it it hasn't touched the weekly nine even weekly 50 yet. Yeah. If it bounce back to the 50 then it the entry would like the win rate will be much higher. So for example like Bitcoin this pull back to the 50 or this pull back to the nine you can generally have in most most of mo in most cases it reacts. So there's a 20% flush down. This one is much larger. Ethereum is more choppy. You can still see some um rejection from the 21 and the nine. And also this also this uh rejection here when the nine is under the 21 a pull back to the 21 is we have a very very high win rate for this for the shorts.

01:12:41
CDK. So it all starts from the daily yesterday um on Friday. strong reversals to the downside. A breakdown candle, lose the nine and the 21 and also lose the all the lows from the previous um base. And then today is a green open try trying to bounce to the declining 21 nine and 9 day. It's only one hour chart. Um 1 hour chart as I as I've said uh before the market open the better the it would be better to bounce back to the 218 219 area but I saw the one minute candle this the huge reversals this huge red candle then I think it worth a try and then I took a short after I see this candle because generally when you have this huge green candle you won't have a um such a such a huge red candle just behind this huge green candle It all starts from the daily chart.

01:15:10
Um, And now still there's there's still plenty of stock which is holding up nicely. Oh, straight down this APL. So, things sets up again. It's possible to to take a um but I think it needs more time. Yeah, I think I think they needs more time. resemble this rocket lab if it can base for one or two months above the 9 weekly and the 21 weekly is so Wrong. Oh, and puffs. Oh, did it close below the nine on last Friday? 17.42. Okay. If I didn't sell it last Friday, I'm going to I'm I will I will be selling it uh below the if it when it breaks down the Friday's low. Especially in this in this um kind of a kind of a divergent market condition,

01:18:37
I would be selling more more aggressively like to protect my profits more aggressively. If the market is is stronger, then I may I may allow it I may allow it to pull back a little bit further. Oh. Oh, I also missed this riot too. That Yeah, this is how far is the stop 2%. This 9A pullback could be one could be one entry because it's coincides with the wing swing lows. Yeah, the gap down risk. I've I've mentioned it a little bit early. What's this? I RPK. Yeah, it's kept down. So for the small caps and the micro caps I will be I will reduce my position position size. And if you are very uh very very um if you can't handle the gap down,

01:21:04
the gap down like um you really hate the uh a 10% gap down or or a huge fluctuation on your equity. Then you can sell your profits more aggressively, sell more into strengths and reduce your position size to to a level that you feel comfortable when you when you are down maybe 10%. When you when you when your stop gap gaps down 10%. You can gradually adjust your size to to a level that you feel comfortable with. You can't eliminate the gap down risk. You can only adapt to it because you can also have you can also um encounter gap ups. I think this this is the end of today because things are looking things things are just going straight down and there's no point watching them.

01:23:07
You're you're you're not taking longs or shorts here. That's it for today. See you in the next stream.

