00:09
[music] [music] [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Hey. Hey. Hey. [music] [music] [music] Morning, afternoon, evening everyone. when I was doing the um the scans and the checking my watch list and preparing for today's trading ideas. Uh, I actually felt a little bit bullish because I the the only three ideas that I found today is um Dow and inside day after the EP looks explosive and this SOS and also kind of an inside day at the 21 EMA down support and also definitely the planet lapse for this double inside day.

04:47
But the market gives another surprise to me and it's gapping down especially IWM is capping down more than 1% today which is um a little bit surprised but the three uh focus ideas are still hanging up quite well. They're just barely down. And the QS is gapping down into the hourly 50 EMA which could and probably will find support at least find some supports and we'll see whether the support will held will hold and whether we'll see some follow through on the downside spy. high and IWM compared in comparison will be will be worse. So my today's focus will be added semiconductor ETF the broadcom on the gap up into the declining EMAs both daily and weekly as well as Nvidia bouncing back at exactly at the 184 level previous gap 50 EMA and then found some rejection today gapping now maybe I don't know No,

07:36
I'm definitely definitely not only on the short side. I think for the past week I am looking for both long and shorts. ideas although I didn't take any longs but I I still track many [clears throat] and also the strongest stock like this light is getting down today which is a a small small warning sign to the Okay. And the market is still within this range. The range kills is still within the small rectangular box area. Wow. Well, you can say it's still in this huge huge base within the between 636 and 580. Maybe this looks better. This is a small a small shake out. Uh 595 to 636. Still going nowhere. And I took out my arm and I went kill yesterday because of um yesterday's strength.

10:39
So, I wanted to reduce a little bit of my shorts exposure and lock down lock down some some profits. I still keep most of my shots and I'm really pleased that I've did that. I think like a year ago I would probably going to panic um panic sell but it's not because I'm doing short so I'm panic buying my my shorts and recovering my shorts given the market's bouncing very strongly I got shaken out. But maybe today will be a undercut and rally. I will always think that this market is a really good market for you to like improve on your mistakes. If you can survive or even profiting in this market condition, then you'll be getting lots of profits after the market starts improving.

12:32
Yeah, I stayed up all night. I stayed up till 5 5:00 a.m. in Hong Kong time. Really really glad that I've did that. I think occasion occasionally burning the midnight oil is is worth it. It's gapping up above the end of V. But nope, not the best. Not the best. um spot that I will look for. I don't really know what to do if the long starts to trigger. If it starts, if the market stops bouncing back and I and Dow starts breaking out, I don't know whether I should take it or not. We'll try shorting the s x x semif. No, I've run out of my buying power. Maybe it's good. Maybe it's Let me just be a little bit more patient then.

18:15
Let's take a bouncing back into the EMAs into free web from the first high low. Looks a little bit too messy right here. The Broadcom has found support on the rising 9 EMA. Oh, this so has has this breakout. It looks really tempting here, but it's kept breaking up into the nine EMA and it coincides with the the IWM. Then the spy bounce. SMCI yesterday is pretty strong is one of the reason that I exit my um ARM shot. Amazon is rallying into the previous lows and the 50 EMA weekly 15 weekly 9 EMA. No, I cannot short the saxx. I cannot short the triple ETF. Looks like um com is the only one that I I took today. Luckily bounces back into the free web that I gives me a chance to enter it.

27:09
Let's see whether this is a correct move or not. Wendy is surprisingly holding up really well. Red cat also holding up very well. Wish it can tighten up a little bit. And I lowered my stop for QPTs into the gap down day high. And the precious metals are going into my direction very fortunately. really really get stopped out almost stops me out in the overnight market. So now it's um going with my plan the rejection into the declining 9 EMA. Yeah, actually today can be the the second opportunity if you are focusing on the short side for shorting the bounce in the 9A. Hills is the strongest right now. It's the Indices that is holding up the markets.

35:02
My broadcast get stopped out. I'm considering to reenter the shots on Brockcom again. either it closes below the 9 EMA or the bounce into the and could free up from this from a day Bye. I ran off my pine power again. That lap is really really strong. And that is shaping up again. Wow. And then retail stopped out too. Maybe with the try Wow, GFS. What a really what a good breakout. for some land. Let Let's try this one. When this looks like it's trying to break out from the previous day high and the angle V from the swing high here, but wanted to be a little bit want to be a little bit tighter in the lower time frame first.

47:30
Vid is still not not yet clear the hourly EMA. Lamal disapp right after I enter it. Okay, I'm about three losing trades already. So short some video just just now right after I got stopped up from the kind of left. We'll see. Circle is now at the end of free web from the July last year as well as the 150 EMA. It looks a little bit like here will be a really good riskreward for the shorts. I in my opinion I'm not sure that I can get a get enough buying power for that. I don't think so. EMR is the is the weakest name in crypto space. and the bidding down names is rallying into the 21 EMA or the 50 EMA AVABs. um falling. Um that's why I don't like the shorting yesterday.

54:13
Although it looks pretty weak because this can easily have a gap up and a fate as the is a little bit extended to the downside. I'm filling in I don't know. I think that's all I got today. And there get a little bit too aggressive in the first 15 minutes. It got shaken out three times. That is a Should have should have traded her less in the first 15 minutes. And I have a strong feeling that circle is going to have a huge re reversion to the downside. And a really good risk reward of shorting here but don't have enough buying power left. Yes. Today's memory names is holding up quite well. But they said VTS is also looking pretty good.

58:47
while you also looks pretty good. Lunar also looks pretty good. This intuitive machine Well, choosing between the simple moving average and the exponential. I I I I can't I can't. If I if you choose one, probably you will miss the other side. Therefore, never look at the simple moving average. I I don't know like maybe the planet lab here is serving the 50 50 day. Let let's try it. Oh, nope. 100 day. Nope. And maybe say something like here the shake out undercut the 50 EMA the found support on the 50 SMA and maybe something like here is it it shoots higher somewhere between the 50 and 150. 50 EMA, but actually that's the that's the 100 SMA.

01:02:34
Yeah, you just pick you just pick the ones that you like the most. And I think if you if you're using too many um moving average no matter simple or exponential or even the other ones a weighted moving average or the etc. If you're having too much that will be too complicated and not good for your decision making. So if you have choose you have chosen your wrong your your wrong your favorite ones then you just stick to them. You can change them. You can like adjust them over time, but don't use too much and don't and just accept that you will if you you have chosen you you will miss the opportunities that they didn't they didn't you didn't get because of you of So of the emas or SMS that you have you decided to use I really want to short the semiconductor ETF.

01:04:53
The infid is holding up pretty well. So maybe it's not Maybe it's not smart to shoot it. SPY is rejecting at the 50 and all the EMAs. IWM bounces really weak. Not even touching the nine. Not even touching the hourly nine too. And then it starts coming down. Sentic case is rejecting at the anchor free web from this lower high. If you if you look at um Western Digital or Cale looks clearer for this lower high candle. SMCI is pretty strong. Let's see whether we will fade late day or just keep pushing higher. Look into the long UXY if we get a bounce. I forgot the career ETF. I can Y. Okay. Um, anchor free web. You can refer to my to the interview with Richard in Trader Lion YouTube channel.

01:11:57
I talk about how to how to use the anchor um where do I put it some adjustment that I would do and a lot of examples that I've given and the angle um B shouldn't use the equipment moving average on the intraday chart. Um the answer is no because if I think this is a must then I would use it in my chart. Looks like I missed the play on the reversal to the downside, but I think the I'm pretty satisfied with my 16 positions. Yeah, one thing that I can um can do better is the UXY play the pull back into the rising 9 EMA on hourly chart and the riskreward of the playing a u um trading uexy would be um during the bounce. I think today is a really fed day for for the UVXY.

01:14:34
Why am I so confident on gold and silver? Uh, one thing that I did that is constantly looking up for the previous shorts opportunities. So look at So I'm just going to observe how the how the price is going to react when there's when the when it's going down. I think here is a little bit similar situation the to what is happening now. So we got a first parabolic run and then there's the first crash and eventually comes back up and build a double top and it faced right away. Maybe not right away but gradually. And from this from this um downtrend what I can observe is the best um the best and the most obvious entry um entry point on the short side will be at at the will be at the um bounce into the 9 EMA after it starts trending down after the close below it.

01:16:12
It gives several opportunities on this on this play and the other and the other part is you can you can you can see how um the opposite that the opposite samples is when it's taken out the 9 EMA and then it generally means is um the failure of a downtrend. And this one it kind of um there was another like a double top as it shoots higher after the first gap down after the first sell off and it's also right riding the 9 m to the downside after a parabolic run again. This one didn't bounce um bounces up quite that much, but this one is a little bit choppy. Okay. This one also serving a 9A down on the bounce. This one also serving a 9 EMA down.

01:18:25
This one also ser though it's just it's not like a it didn't give the um second push build a um double top like the like uh gold like gold uh did in the past few month the in the past month if it's on if it's um on a strong downtrend it generally just serves the 9A and it bounce into the 9 EMA is the best I think the best entry um entry point with the highest riskreward. And this one after it's um after it it's its first breakdown into the 21 EMA, a bounce into the 9 EMA and then another breakdown and a bounce into the 9 to and the 21 again and another breakdown and then it serves the 9A again to the downside. I think this examp 1980s example is um one of the best one that I can find and gives me the confection the most.

01:20:01
1980s parabolic run is the is the the most similar one that I found in the in the charts to to the um to the gold uh to what the gold is do uh is demonstrating in 2026 and 2025 gold is up around 236%. This one, this one is up 350%. But after the first sell off from the climax top and then it starts building a range. It looks bullish like it's building higher lows serving the EMAs and the EMAs are trending up and then when it starts losing maybe that's a fake out but the candle can't show it because the it's 1980 it's right after it starts losing the 9A the first close bel and it bounce into the 9A and then it starts serving the 9A to to the way now.

01:21:32
And also the or on the other hand if um that's the rejection on the 9 EMA is we have the the first rejection and then the price come back up. It closes above it takes all the highs. If I'm shorting here and then it stops me out and this is a good stop because the price is so is trending higher after stopping me out. like AMD on 2024 after this climax top and then is also serving a 9 EMA all the way down. 9 EMA is pretty powerful after like a parabolic run or a IMAX top or just a just a topping base after a huge run. There are lots of examples that I've studied for the parabolic runs and the especially into the short side. That's how you build the confection and how you come up with the trading idea.

01:24:12
and Q is um Q's finding support in the hourly 50 EMA. Netflix at the 50 weekly EMA, 150 daily EMA. as so well is outperforming today. I'm looking for SQQ. VIX has been serving the rising GMAS for a month. This is pretty rare. PL with a long [snorts] Um, I think that's a good that's a good riskreward play. Even though you got stopped out, you're just risking maybe 1% like your stop is only 1%. But if the markets um actually find support and follow through to the upside, I think the riskreward for this trade is definitely it's going to be huge. Although I don't quite like the don't quite like the reaction for today.

01:30:18
So, I'm not going to do much. And I'm I'm feeling like I have a little bit little bit of uh verge of trading here. I'm just going to stop right here. See you guys in the next one. Thanks for coming.

