00:10
[music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] >> Hey, hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] >> Morning everyone. Good afternoon and good evening. If if you know if you know what I'm Okay. So today the yesterday I mean the market is bouncing off from the support level. Q is bouncing at the 150 EMA. Buy at the previous low at a swing low at 670 678 677 level and IWM just bouncing off the lows of the prior prior two case. Still the mixed mixed actions in the across the markets. Some sectors showing strength, some is showing weakness.

05:21
Pretty divergent. diverge. So I have several long long ideas today that is this Q and also the TXN and ASML. So, the semis blacking pretty nicely and it's um like they're the strongest stocks right now. I have one short candidate for today that is called leaf. This one the weekly chart is under just getting rejected from the 21 EMA and yesterday closed below the 9 and 21 and the EMAs are close to each other which is the which is the the spot that I love to to trade. I still um lean towards the the the downside a little bit more, but it really depends on the the actions like the how market would do for the coming coming days.

07:35
The Q is still under the EMAs and spies. The spy too like it cannot recover the 50 EMA for the third day. the previous during the previous um attempts they only closed below one for one day or also this time also one day and this is also one day below the 50 EMA but for this time it has become a little bit weaker but still is the strongest one among among the indices and then fa is gapping up. I see these earnings today up from really nice face. MRNA also gapping up. I think I both the Vap. Yeah. And I got stopped out of NPS yesterday. It's a really strong bounce and close above the 9 EMA. looking forward to see which which direction it wants to go.

12:23
Like the y is clustering together. I think it needs to pick in pick a direction very soon. This one is a a got out with a tiny tiny gain. So other than the SMR, I don't have don't have much follow through from the shorts. SNDK. Yes. Re-entry yesterday. Oh, I took the 15 minute breakdown. But uh this thing is super strong. So I'm I don't think uh it is safe even though it's gapping down today. I wanted to get rejected by the nine or maybe one to two days that will be there will be confirming the resistance on the 9 EMA. It has to close below the 9 EMA for at least two to three days. CK and this WDC is still still been higher lows and then holding above the nine.

15:39
So, I'm not sure. I don't know. I'm risking less this year. I'm risking only around.3%. for my 3% of my account for each trade. After reducing the risk trade, I'm feeling more comfortable on on the on the losing streaks or they're like the I can I can manage my draw down much better. It's my entry entry style is a is aggressive. I can I can focus on the lower time frame to to find a lot of the a lot of entries if I want to. So reducing the respirator trade like suits my style allows me to better to manage the draw downs and then protect my mental capital and as well as definitely the the the financial capital when I'm having a losing streak.

19:24
This market is really really difficult. Really difficult. So if you're not trading very well, this is completely okay. PL is consolidating above the 50 EMA but below the 9 and 21 on the weekly still hanging around the 9 EMA which is kind of strong compared to Rocket Lab or STS. Yeah. And this FTI is looks like it's having some follow through to the upside. We're really looking forward how the market how the market to today. I think an hourly nine is a pretty important key level for the kills and this buy. If there's if they're losing it, I think there could be a quick quick flush to the downside. But if they find support at the 9A hourly hourly 98,

23:08
then it could be a higher low in a smaller time frame. and then setting up for the for the upside. And spy is bouncing at the 9 EMA SCG just turn just down 10% in the first minute candle. That is super volatile. The first 15 minutes is it's better to just sit out and and observe. I think no need to rush for entering positions especially in the current market conditions. or if it's breaking No. PL is rejecting at the 21 EMA, declining 21. Q is pushing freaking out from the private day high. with some rejections on the CK and Western Digital pushing higher in the C is trying to break out from the opening range high.

31:31
And the memory limbs are are weak today. I am shorting some sticks. It looks like the market is wants to go higher. Okay. Yeah. Stopped open. So C is setting up pretty nicely on the long side, but I'm getting stopped out. Should I take the long side? The flip to the long side. Still the kills and the spice under the ny. Uh probably just going to chill. Turn it up pretty strong today. Is it going to be a shakeout? Will will this stop me out and then be reverses to the downside? Barack is on a declining nine. 4 out 21. The SCG is so weak. Didn't expect it to be up 10% at the open and then now it's down 5%. Oh, it's bouncing pretty hard.

45:22
If it if it closed pretty if it close above the 9 EMA today, then I'm probably selling it in the in the after hours. So or anything. I'm going to wait for the close for code. really strong action on the first 30 minutes. Although although the market is bouncing and breaking out, some stocks is breaking out and show and showing strength but still there are there are some stocks is rallying into the resistance. I really want I really want them to confirm like whether they they're going to close strong or or weak And the left is getting follow through. It's having some follow through for this inside day breakout.

52:31
Now it's on the anchor VW web from the swing high and the wind kiss is also above the above all the EMAs now. Right now things looking things things is looking pretty solid. There will be a lot of good setups that is forming in the coming days or weeks. If the market can hold up and then look for another uptrend from here. But on the other hand, if it if it's getting rejected and reversing to the downside from here, I also think there are a lot of good shorting opportunities too. Whole width is undercutting yesterday low and then now rallying into the rallying back. >> [clears throat] >> lot of strength today for by now.

59:07
But the answer is can they hold? Can we hold this market is so it's too choppy and then and you start doubting every moves whether it's on the upside or the downside. But it's definitely really strong and the Q is running into the N EMA. The fast is really one of the best looking ones after this EP and then it starts to consolidate at the gap and the previous gap down here. Next is the leader for the solar names. The strongest one. SDG looks so ugly today. Or can it can it find support on the 15 EMA and the angle VWAP and have a 20% reversal to the upside? Is it possible? and seek gay is at the and goofy web. don't see that much.

01:07:33
I don't see any rejection from the declining nine and I spy at the declining 21. They are hanging around there pretty well. Core web is reclaiming the EMAs trying to at least or we could be a long if it can hold above the EMAs and close strong close strong today. Near the anchor feed up level. I'm probably ending the date here. So, this I think we need the the close to confirm the strength. The actions like for the first hour after the open is is really strong. And if they can hold above um above the EMA and at least not quickly reversing down from here, then it will be good to start searching for some long ideas or become more more aggressive on on the long side.

01:14:56
So, thank you and see you in the next one.

