00:08
[music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> I feel [music] >> [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] >> I've been [music] [music] >> [music] [music] >> Good morning, good evening and good afternoon everyone. So, how are you guys doing from the past few days? So on the Monday gap down the cues gap down into the um last Tuesday low spy and IDM at the 150 EMA. Okay. So, I covered um the so excess near the open. I mean I think right after the open somewhere like 4770ish area also and also call with up at the open near the low Also the last Tuesday low in SNTK the memory name short I covered it uh covered them a bit late after the first close above the hourly 9 EMA.

06:19
So around 555 area for SNDK and Western Digital and Cate also somewhere near the 9 EMA and I I covered gold on Friday and silver on Monday after they close above the 9 EMA as I've um stressed it multiple times. So if it close above the 9A then I'm I'm out. Yeah. Then on Tuesday I entered um this down on the pull back to the EPS low area. So actually my plan is to pull back into the 9 EMA. So around 141. Yeah, 141 area. And then I entered it at the one minute breakout. I didn't wait for the five minute because uh the five minute candle is too wide and I bought the one minute breakout and it stops me out and later it found support near the previous like the low of the EPA.

08:30
I didn't I missed the five minute breakouts, but I waited uh waited for the I believe the anchor fee were reclaimed and then it pulled back to the um 15 EMA on the one minute chart and then bought the reclaim of the 9 EMA. I think the definitely the better entry will be at the 138 139 area. That would be the best but I missed it. And I think it is very bullish as it found support and a very um sharp recovery. And this is a stock that I'm closely monitored um after the earnings. I think the yesterday uh I mean Tuesday is a really good shakeout day and I entered the lab as well but I got stopped out on Tuesday. Yeah, I think on this candle,

09:53
but I got stopped out the late day. I also um bought FPS on Tuesday on the breakout of the previous candle high like this is the 95 uh level and I sold them all into strength yesterday. The biggest first is that I don't quite like the yesterday's action. So, I decided to like sell one of um sell one of them like for for my longs and naps and then I choose selling the naps into strength because it's coming closer to the previous high level and and that's the the gap up. I got quite lucky on the gap up and then I think there's also a pretty decent gain then I took it off but it definitely still um stay in my radar and I'm looking forward to buy buy into the weakness if there's any pullback or if the market improves And because this market look um really few stock has a strong follow through to the upside just very few.

12:11
So, I'm I'm willing to sell more into it strength unless the market improves. And I'm still looking for this golden silver shot. I think today could be a but yeah I don't have don't have that much um ideas to focus on today. So trying to give a give an update to you guys and this the for the shorts like I've always said I'm looking forward to the pull back into the declining EMAs. So, Wednesday because um Tuesday I don't don't quite like to close and the the defensive sector started to lose their moving averages show some weakness and IWM showing relative weakness on Tuesday. So, I decided to take some shorts on the Wednesday.

13:45
And there I I al also don't see much long long setups, long ideas that's viable right now. So I'll incul at the 9 EMA. Our GTI is 21 at the back after the I think it's 70% 70 74% down from the highs and the STS is um the end of VW from the swing high as well as the this uh the swing high too They're really lining up together. and food is from the anchor web at the swing high on the 5th of March. So it's the swing high of the bounce and It stays under the 21 year maybe for quite a while and I think they the length of the base is almost there. is good enough for another down leg or maybe an up leg because like crypto is I think it's going it's can it's going somewhere like it can go both way holding a nine trying to break out from the 21 EMA Okay.

17:01
Heat. and after all the gap ups and gap downs were still inside this range. We haven't gone anywhere yet since since early February or you can say since November last year. We're still within this range. So more and more leaders uh closing below the 9, the 21 and even the 50 day. Maybe it's too early to say, but uh the market is definitely deteriorating. This do the OCN is um the only new new leader that I found recently that pops up on my radar. Next is having the how many green candle it built? 12 12 consecutive green candle. That's pretty amazing. None of them is still inside the range. Maybe it's building an inside week.

21:49
MP also looks pretty tight. And GME actually looks looks quite bullish. Somehow it keeps building higher lows throughout the February and March. Interesting. Alent is now on a um pretty important level above the weekly 9 but below the weekly 21. And the 21 is trending down. And my feel will be leaning towards the bearish side that it builds a lower high and then gets rejected. Given the market weakness, the crypto names looks weaker than the crypto itself. Wonder if this is this is this a sign or not. Oops. Just missed the entry. If you put the micro stratey chart upside down, is it know how to how to set it?

27:48
I like to put it to flip it. uh to flip it around. Yeah, I think that's the word to flip it around. It's actually looking pretty bullish. Looks like they're breaking up from this the range and near the 9 and 21 EMA. Isn't it on a strong uptrend? Pull back to the 50 EMA. Found support and now it's trying to break out on the 9 or 21 EMA. All the crypto names are near the nine. Some are under the nine, some are above the nine, but the stocks are weaker than the crypto. This is pretty interesting. The semi condu semis sector is rejecting at the 21 EMA. So now it's bouncing into the declining 21 and it found resistance. Now it's gapping down and looks like it's also gets rejected at the weekly 9 EMA too.

34:47
And the stop for silver is a little bit too wide. Hopefully can have a have a bounce into the 86. Okay, it's bouncing into 86. That will make the entry better. And uh for the only long uh Dow, I'm going to hold it uh until I hit my stop. So, I'm ready to give up this this chunk of profits. They're trying to Hold it as long as possible. I really think of shorting the micro strategy, but I know that um it requires a lot of buying powers. It it cons it it consumes a lot of buying power. If I'm If I'm doing a short on a MSDR or even take a long on the MSTC and I already have hood So I decided to like save some buying power for the gold and silver shot and also the arc to wouldn't need to short the ark the RK also really decent like a bare flag or a wedge higher bounced into the 50 and 150 EMA and now it's falling closing below the 9 and 21.

37:46
Today is a gap down. Yeah, I think the pull back to just now is a really good entry entry point. I do have a some shorts exposure. So, I think this is it's okay. EP stands for episodic pivot. Either you can go um search it on Google or just um take a look on the on my interviews on trading line a lot of traders have covered uh eps I just I just entered I entered gold and silver shot just now. I'm mainly using the 4hour time frame for my decision making. So gold is finding rejection at the the first like kind of the lower high the previous swing high and also trying to lose the another swing high. It's so very simple. and crypto is actually looking pretty good for now.

41:29
Wonder would this be a shake house for the crypto names because the crypto like Bitcoin Ethereum are looking pretty good on a lower time frame. Uh daily chart is still it is yeah they're riding the 9 EMA still trying to push above the 21 hourly time 4 hour time frame. is putting higher lows above all the EMAs. It's actually looking pretty good. Oh, unr is building a pretty pretty good flag. Quickly shut also. It's looking like a couple of handle. This space is uh yeah we have volume picking up building higher lows but the earnings is next Thursday. It's a little bit too choppy. This your Mac is going straight up.

45:54
This red wire is also looking pretty decent. So, most of them are just drones. I think the drones or this is a space. space equipment. Okay. So this is the satellite stop. Yeah, always talking about talk about Tesla. Oh, sorry, not Tesla, Nvidia. If it if Nvidia couldn't reclaim the weakness of uh for today the if it confirms it is the first lower high since this earnings earnings pop I mean the pop before the earnings. So it's a wick off wake up spring and a fake outs to the upside and on the weekly chart it also it's now falling under the 9 EMA Ready and a lot of the mega cap names are not looking good. So Tesla is also under the year base getting a rejection yesterday.

52:06
Microsoft in a strong downtrend. Apple just um at the 150 EMA again and the the um the 9, 21 and 50 EMAs are now trending down. Microsoft falling back after they bounce into the 50 EMA meta under all EMAs. We go to TSM at the 50. I think all the semi names are at the 50. and for oil. And then after the this exhaustion like like a exhaustion gap on Monday now it's a reading higher low finding support at the 9. I think the next rejection is probably 105 level. I think there will be a higher high probability of a oil founding found the top at at the second attempt on the upside after the Monday, Monday flush, I think 105,

55:01
maybe even 110. 105, the previous swing uh swing high level I think the crypto is starting to break out. Um, yeah, but I'm not going to trade this one. This one still under the still still under the 50 EMA and uh still trending down. The 50 EMA is still trending down. It could be tricky here. Okay, given that the crypto stocks is showing too much relative weakness. This Um, feel free to ask any questions later in the in the stream like under the stream recordings. And you can also you can always refer to the to my Twitter like the the post on DTR like the interview on trader line etc. So some sometimes I um the answer will be already there and I will answer some I will answer some questions are the the good ones if I have any I don't write journals anymore.

59:35
I only have an Excel to um to record my trace. Sometimes I will still um write down some evaluations or takeaways or there some mistakes that I've made but it's not like a in a daily basis or like a market update or a market the fuse on the markets or the trading ideas for the coming days or weeks. I did the journaling in the earlier stage maybe two to three years ago. So back then I'm writing a journal entry every day. But I gradually just um lose the habits. I didn't find a really good like a really good usage case or an end goal to to utilize AI my trading and also my myself I'm not I'm not really into AI. I'm not really good at AI.

01:04:06
We try to like um to use AI to to build in daily daily updates of the previous of the previous strong yeah a strong a leading sectors for the previous trading day but I think it doesn't work that well sometimes they are um putting stocks in a wrong in the wrong sectors in the wrong industry. Sometimes they are giving different results when I'm asking them again and sometimes they're um referring to the wrong the wrong news, the wrong data source. And I'm not good enough to like fix all the bucks and uh to drill it to drill it down. And for my for my trading routine, I will look at all the sectors and all the stocks in my watches every day like no matter whether even if I have an AI like a good AI or a good program or etc like to help me to to find or list out the the strong sector.

01:05:37
I'm I was still flipping through my watch list, the sector watch list, etc. And I think it like doing the scans and managing my watch list is actually providing me more and more accurate more comprehensive insights than just a summary table or just a ranking from from AI. I'm really open to like um using AI to elevate my trading, but uh I'm still trying to find an an area that the AI can can really deliver the strong edge where it really improves my my daily routine, my like for any part of my trading. So, um, for my performance, I'm up around 40% year to day, I think. I I'm not checking it like daily. Not sure about that,

01:08:50
but it's like around that level, I think. leader list is um like I did the potent scan in the morning like Hong Kong time. So is after the market closed after the after after hours of the market like when the things aren't moving and I found that is it's the best time for me to do the scans and to go through the charts and finding the trade ideas for the next day because the market is not moving and then I can be the most rational and not get influenced by the by it takes up and it or it takes down from the market. So I think nearly all of my stocks in no matter leading or mediocre or the lacking watch list are from the scans.

01:10:37
So CF like CF is the recent one. So I when I did the scans I go I'm just going going through it one by one and CF I added it yesterday. So it's on it's like a fertilizer fertilizer stocks because um rising up because of the Iran the war in Iran and normally like the stocks that I'm addicted added from the watch list no matter it's like a post watch list or The pre-market watch list or even the leader watch list will be putting in the leading sector because the scanners is scanning for the strongest stocks in the in the current market. And yeah, for the leading the leading watch list, um my current approach or the rules that I'm using right now will be the um will be the stock is above the 50 EMA.

01:12:15
Okay. So, I'm only using the 50 EMA as like for the easier interpretation and the 50 needs to be above the 150. So, two rules. First rule is the stock the price is should be above the 50 EMA and the second is the 50 EMA needs to be above the 150 and the lacking watch face is completely opposite. Just flipping the rules in the leading watches around. So the price the stock needs to be under the 50 EMA and the 50 EMAs is under the 150 EMA. And for mediocre watch list is just anything in between. So some most of like I think most of the time is the stocks is above um somewhere between the 50 and the 150 and most of them they're in between the 50 and 150 and then I put it into the mediocre watch list.

01:13:52
Actually, I changed the rules quite quite a lot since I build the three mega watch lists, but I'm just trying to keep them as simple as possible because I'm flipping through the daily chart. So I want the rules should be on only based on the daily chart and I wanted to involve as as less as possible for the as less EMAs as possible. So I don't want to like compare all EMAs to figure out which stocks that I'm like which watch which watch list that I should should I put it put the stocks in and also that just that's just my approach because um I think a pull back into the 50 EMA is still a like it's a really good a good watershed or boundary like for I would still do shorts if the stocks pull back into the 50 EMA on the downtrend and on the flip side I would I would look for I may look for the long side if the stocks pull back to the 50 EMA on an uptrend so any stocks above the 50 EMA that I'm I should be only looking for the long side

01:15:19
so the watch list is cooperating with my trading style the entry result etc. So if you're using the like 21 EMA only like for the pullbacks then you can like um categorize the stock only up above the 21 EMA for the leading watch list for your convenience. So for example, GFS up it will be downgraded to the mediocre if it closes below the 50 and above the 150. an SEC2 is going to be downgraded pretty soon. Yes, I rarely set alerts because most of the stocks that I'm interested in, I will be putting it into the main watch list. So for example for a case like I wanted to take the shorts around like the gap if it bounces back near the gap level 7275 that will be a great spot to dots and I think I don't need the alert if I'm if I already put it put the stocks that I wanted to trade that I wanted to focus on into the watch list that I can can really see it the what's the movements and what's the recent price.

01:18:25
But sometimes I do set the alerts though like for if I for like a price targets like for example if I'm if I'm short like I'm shorting IQ now maybe I'll set a price target at uh yeah maybe at this like 30 at the low30 area for this previous swing low level to to remind me that I I I should definitely sell some into the cover some into the weakness. I just occasionally do that. How do I exactly know that the stock is breaking out on a certain day? I don't know. I think no. No one no one knows when will be the exact exact time exact exact candle exact one minute candle that the stock is really breaking out but there's a lot of different um different factors that you should considering such as like the I think the most important one is the general market.

01:20:45
So if for example yesterday or like the day before the cues is at the 50 EMA under the 50 EMAs and the EMAs are trending down on a downtrend. SPICE is weaker. IWM is even weaker. So any breakouts on to uh at on tomorrow on yesterday is would definitely have a lower win rate. We definitely have a high chance of of a fake out with something like rocket left. So it's like basing is going sideways for nearly for a month and a half. So we'll take the breakdowns of yesterday's taken out on the Tuesday high like no at first like is from its own chart is still like the EMAs are the nine is still below the 50 definitely and it's at the 50 EMA and it shows a lot of rejections at the 50 EMA with the market weakness and the second one is the sector the sector strength.

01:22:14
So are the what is what are the others um the stocks in the same sectors doing. So something liked as yesterday is also not a good day to enter the long side. The EMA is a trend starting to trend down. It is at the anchor of VWAP from the swing high. Also it shows uh this candle and this candle is showing huge distribution. So like the third factor will be the like technically are there any signs of distribution or accumulation and also relative strengths etc. Are there is it is it building higher lows and also the weekly chart I also love looking at the weekly chart too. So I really don't like NDS weekly candle of the or of last week huge rejection and closes very very weak.

01:23:54
But all in all, I think the most important factor is definitely the market like the general market itself. Like like if the market is like it's down 2% rarely there will be any stocks that is breaking up and having follow through. So some some charts left MP looks really good yesterday and now it's falling back. I made a lot of mistakes like uh buying a breakout on when the in when the general market is not doing good back in 2021 and 2022. But that's really the the lesson learned and only after you're getting stopped out a lot of the times then you then you will eventually learn learn the lesson. How often do do I update my watches?

01:25:49
every day. So, the market's bouncing at the two 150 EMA on all indices. Really interesting spot here whether we can find support or not. A lot of the stocks are still are still at the beginning of a breakdown. It's not even extended yet. No matter the large caps or the midcap, even the small caps too. So just to see if like if the market is gapping down into the 150 EMA while like IQ is having a flush to the downside maybe on on this candle or this candle right here then I'll be having more conviction that the market could find support on a 150 EMA here. Now I'm a little bit skeptical and I I will also look for more like further follow through to the downside.

01:27:59
I think there will be a higher high chance. But this is only day one for Tesla, day one for TSM, day one for Google, day one for Meta, maybe day two for Amazon. And that is super strong. Somehow I I'm I'm winning a 50/50 pick. I sold naps and then keep it down. And that's the reversal from the crypto. So actually the the crypto stocks is the leading indicator for the crypto itself. That's pretty interesting. Okay. Why not SMA? Because because E is a better alphabet. E is the fifth alphabet and S is like definitely S ranks ranks um later in the alphabets alphabet tier list, right? A B CDE E I know the sequence pretty well.

01:30:38
Yeah, that's true. S stand for [ __ ] and E stand for excellent. Exactly. They give a little bit respect to the SMA like stand for simple. No, simple is actually the one um stands for stable. Stable Why metal short? Um, so I think some of you have has listened to this to this already, but I'm going to repeat it again. So I think the the parabolic top off on the late January like on this candle here is u is the end of the metals move. So a lot of so there are a lot of like technically weekly candle huge volume like the largest volume ever. I don't don't know how many times uh compared to the normal volume. So it's trading at the largest volume candle is like twice volume than the previous week and actually the previous week is also one of the highest volume week ever.

01:32:36
So this weekly candle and as far as the this reversal huge reversal to the downside is uh I believe it will be the end of the move and that's the foundation of the of this trade idea. And after parabolic top like a really um I mean it's a top for at least a quarter or for more than a year for example back in 1980 like after it tops up it falls under it's it dips for 50%. % in in 3 months. I think this example's illustrated pretty well. After the first flush uh first refer uh reversal from a parabolic top, usually there will be a retest into the 9 EMA and sometimes it will be stronger such um like this this um this example back in 1980.

01:34:13
It tries to build a higher low, tries to break out from this range and then forms a lower high and then it gradually lose the 9 EMA, close below the 9 EMA and then riding the 99 EMA down. So there are lots of examples like it's not exactly the same but they are like rhyming. it rhymes. But definitely like for gold if uh I think comparing to itself will be the will be the the best ones. Even if you zoom out for a longer longer time frame, you can see after the you can if you consider this is the first leg down and then it gradually um recover from this uh from this base breaking out and then builds another you can see you can say it's a covered pandle pattern or VCP.

01:35:30
So it gets really tight here. It looks really good to the upside and it has uh two to three weeks a 15% around 15% move and it rejected right at the previous swing high level previous resistance level and then it start a two-year downtrend. I think Bitcoin the move this this base here is also a little bit similar. This one is not a parabolic move, but um if you believe this is the top like a really a top uh of a how much is that? 1,600% move from the lows. Then after the first leg down, then that's the second attempt. And this this attempt actually takes out the previous high. trying to break out like this. Looks a pretty decent flag,

01:37:02
bull flag, and it's trying to break out and set up another uptrend, but it felt right in the 9A down. Another one is like this false fagan. False fagan is uh back in 2021 parabolic top. So there's two attempts on um setting up for for higher but it fails. like here it looks like it's a really really good looking bull flag but eventually fades although this pullbacks like after they after closing below the nine losing the 9 EMA it only reaches the 50 EMA and then it has a se like a one one year like nine months based on stage free base before the the stage four. This one did didn't give this this the higher lows the second attempt to the upside.

01:39:09
But you can also see after it really finds the top here and then it's going to riding the nine down. Is it better to wait for the declining line in a bounce to entry? Um, that's no right or wrong. Like this is this is the that's the tradeoff. If you like if you don't wait for it close below the nine then you will have a higher chance of of getting stopped out like you can found support on the nine and then bounces back. But if you wait for the pullback um after the declining after close below the nine and the nine starts declining sometimes you don't get the entry and sometimes it's just going straight down. either you miss the entry or it even doesn't give you the give you an entry.

01:41:18
So it depends on your risk appetite, your profit cushions, your style, even your the confection of the on the trade. I think the only thing that it defines whether trade is the gate. I don't want to put put it that samely. So, never mind. But yeah, there's no there's no right or wrong. No, I rarely use the news. I don't trade the news. I don't have the I don't have the maximum sizing for each positions. But if I'm trading like if I'm having losing streaks not getting tractions then I'm definitely definitely would trade smaller How can I make sure I don't miss the optimal pip? You have to accept it. At least I accept it because sometimes you miss then you miss.

01:44:01
And if I think like certain opportunities is really really really really really good and you probably won't going to miss it. W high swing low for at web. Um so for example I'm using the swing highs for the resistance. That's what I'm That's what I usually do. Like for resistance, I'm using a swing high. For support, then I'm using the swing low, but but actually not like it's about where like the price of um the price relative to the end of B. So for as staying under under the angle VW web so I'm so any angle VW will be the resistance even if I'm putting it angle up here like if I'm putting an angle VW at the swing low and the price is still under the VW web and it's it's also a resistance and it actually makes this short better because it's it's under all the angle free webs.

01:46:22
No matter where you anchor the angle free web at they are the resistance none of them act as a support. So I think it's not about how where you anchor it, it's about where the price like is the price above or below it. And I I love using the swing highs more If the stop is 8% using.35% of the position size with 43%. Okay, I think this also a consideration for for gap risk. So if you are trading if you're trading an ADR stock such as like Fu Fu is is looking fine but something like if you're trading like the 10 cents the ADR holdings like that this kind of a stocks have a higher risk of getting a gap up or a gap down then I'm not willing to risk that much on a stocks that has a like have a has a higher risk of being gap down or gap up.

01:48:24
You can say like get risk in in nature by nature. So definitely like something like the small caps especially the micro caps I'll be sizing sizing I'll be setting down like I will be more cautious about of my sizing because it they has a they have a higher chance of of gapping down. Even though like it's not gapping down 10% or 20%, it's not a huge gap down. 5% gap down will will be like devastating. So generally I limit my select the positions that I took will be around 25 to 30%. I think the what I found the most impactful Oh, heat. I believe will be the will be the process of understanding yourself like really knowing who you are.

01:52:14
So when I'm at the beginning of the journey, I um I used to set the stop pretty wide like around 5 to 8%. Then I come across Christian is set and then I set the tighter stop like I try to set around 3 to 5% stop and gradually after I tighten my stop I found it um I I found I'm pretty used to or pretty feeling pretty pretty good about using a type stop and getting stopped out often. But I can get a larger position size into into winning position. And I don't have like that much of a hard feeling when I'm getting constantly stopped out. And after realizing it and then I started to explore whether I can even like to get further tighten my stops.

01:54:14
So reduce the my stops to the below 2% to below 3%. And that's where like I think that's is probably at 2024. I think it's 2023 to 2024 and that and my performance starts lifting off. And like during the your learning phase, you will you'll come across a lot of different um different style or approach from different traders. And the interesting thing is most of them are trading train differently like the entry style is is a little bit different. The stop settings are a little bit different. Even the stop picking is a little bit different. And back then sometimes I'm just going to like copy them like doing exactly what what they wrote in the books,

01:55:54
what they share in the podcast. But eventually I'm just like I'm just throw them all away. But you maybe not all like throw most of them away because I think the most important thing is finding your own style and you really know what What is your biggest edge? Like like the edge that is only you possess. It's okay to like copy other traders approach at the beginning but gradually you need to like evaluate whether this um this style suits you or how can you fine-tune and just tweak it a little bit make to to makes it more suitable for you. train gas settings is uh available on the DDR post. You can go look you can look at them on the on Twitter and also the FI interview videos.

01:59:10
But there's a it's been quite a long stream and I think that's it for today. [snorts] Thank you guys for coming and we'll see you in the next one.

